
Narration: *XX XX 201X, 13:22 - Grisaia Island*
Narration: *―Clear, beautiful weather. Constant sunlight, almost aggravating in its intensity. Gentle breezes brushing past your cheeks. And the sound of waves tickling at your ears.*
Narration: *These were the defining features of life in the southern "nation" known as Grisaia Island.*
Narration: *On one corner of this miniature tropical paradise, Kazami Kazuki was doing her best impression of a celebrity on vacation - lying langorously on a beach chair in the shade of a sizable umbrella.*
Narration: *The years she'd spent as "Thanatos" had taken a toll not only on her immune system and physical strength, but also on the health of her skin; and so, she was making an effort to briefly expose herself to the sun every day.*
Narration: *This tended to involve nothing more than brief walks and a bit of sunbathing, typically.*
Narration: *After finishing up her morning stroll earlier, she'd settled down on the chair Komine Sachi had left out for her with a small sigh, then proceeded to drink her glass of strongly lemon-scented iced tea.*
Narration: *And now, as Kazuki gazed vaguely through her sunglasses at the tidal-power generating buoy floating a good distance out from the shore, she noticed Tachibana Chizuru walking along the beach in her general direction.*
Narration: *As a general rule, Tachibana Chizuru almost never struck up a conversation with Kazami Kazuki unless there was actual business to discuss.*
Narration: *Given that she was approaching, it seemed likely that she wanted something or other. And the "something" in question was probably going to be rather tedious.*
Narration: *Although it probably couldn't be put off forever, Kazuki nonetheless opened her mouth to speak before she could be spoken to.*
Thanatos: ...The word "bikini" is somewhat similar to "back acne," isn't it?
Principal: Excuse me?
Narration: *This was quite a way to abruptly begin a conversation.*
Narration: *What on earth was the girl talking about?*
Narration: *Was that meant as some kind of riddle, perhaps?*
Narration: *Tilting her head and folding her arms, Chizuru let out a thoughtful little "Hmm."*
Thanatos: Ah, don't bother giving that too much thought. It doesn't have much to do with anything... yet.
Principal: Er... "yet"?
Thanatos: In any case... you need something from me, I presume?
Principal: Uh, no, I wouldn't say that I do. I saw you sitting here alone, so I thought I might come over to say hello... but maybe I'm just bothering you?
Thanatos: Not at all. I was getting rather bored anyway, as it happens. I don't have a proper chair to offer, but you might as well sit down.
Narration: *Kazuki gestured with her mechanical left hand, indicating the other beach lounger sitting on the opposite side of a small side table.*
Narration: *Chizuru's expression briefly clouded at the clacking movements of that hand; but in an apparent effort to disguise this, she replied in the most cheerful voice she could muster.*
Principal: Oh, would you like some grape soda? I just got these out of the fridge on the boat, so they're nice and cold.
Thanatos: Why, thank you. I'll have one.
Narration: *Smiling, Chizuru placed a plastic bottle on the side table.*
Narration: *Kazuki slowly pulled off her claw, grabbed the soda with the hand underneath it, and twisted off the cap.*
Narration: *As the refreshing fizzing sound of a freshly-opened carbonated beverage filled the air, Chizuru stared across the table with eyes as wide as dinner plates.*
Principal: .........
Thanatos: Hm? What is it? Something the matter?
Principal: ...Your hand! That thing isn't a prosthetic!?
Thanatos: What, this? It's just a toy, nothing more.
Principal: ...Huh? But, uh... Wasn't your arm injured during that bus accident or something!?
Thanatos: Yes, it certainly was. But that injury was treated.
Principal: Treated!? What!? But... I just assumed... that, uhm... they had to amputate your hand!
Thanatos: ...Pardon?
Narration: *She'd avoided the subject up until now on the assumption it would be unpleasant for Kazuki to talk about... but now the girl was just staring at her blankly, as if to say "I never said a word about losing my hand, now did I?"*
Narration: *This was unbelievable! The girl was really just too much!*
Principal: Wh... Why on earth!?
Thanatos: A rather vague question... I suppose I thought it would be fun. Just one of my little jokes, you know?
Principal: ...Good lord... You've got an atrocious sense of humor, you know that...?
Thanatos: Well, you could technically classify such behavior as a form of Munchausen syndrome, a legitimate medical condition... and in any case, I thought the reveal would be rather funny. Did I get the timing wrong, perhaps...?
Principal: ...Honestly, you Kazami siblings are just the worst. Forget I said anything... Go on, bully your poor teacher all you like...
Thanatos: There you go again, making me sound like some kind of villain... You're a grown woman, aren't you? Don't let yourself get picked on by a girl who's barely capable of walking around on her own power.
Principal: Now that you mention it... how's your physical condition coming along?
Thanatos: Happily enough, I'm now able to walk around for 30 minutes or so in the daylight.
Principal: Sounds like you're making good progress, then.
Thanatos: And past the half-hour mark, it's less of a stamina issue than a problem with my constitution in general.
Thanatos: I simply can't handle any more exposure to sunlight this strong. Unfortunately, I tend to get red as a lobster instead of suffering actual sunburn, and it's exceptionally painful...
Principal: Ooh, I'm the same way. I know exactly what you mean.
Thanatos: I've had mild achromia from birth, so going out in the sun has never been particularly pleasant for me... but at this rate, I really am going to turn into some sort of deepwater fish, you know?
Thanatos: And if I don't put my eyes to work gazing at some distant objects like this every once in a while, my vision's going to steadily deterioriate as well.
Principal: Ah, were you looking at our tidal power buoy? We'd been getting by on solar, wind, and the boat's battery until now, but that thing's certainly given us a lot more electricity to work with.
Thanatos: And that additional power has allowed us to use our desalinators, providing us with a stable supply of fresh water.
Thanatos: Even running at full power, they can only make around 200 liters per minute... but it's nice that we don't have to be quite so frugal with the hot water we use in the bath.
Principal: Right. We're storing the desalinated water in tanks on the ship, letting the sunlight heat it up, and then draining it out to be replaced with a new batch...
Principal: Repeating that process allows us to keep the interior of the ship nice and cool, with the added benefit of a steady hot-water supply for our "open-air bath."
Thanatos: The term "open-air bath" might be a bit of an exaggeration, given that we're just letting the water collect in a run-down old shed... the system still has plenty of room for improvement.
Principal: Well, even so... now that we've worked out electricity and fresh water, I suppose gas would be next on the priority list?
Thanatos: We're relying on Amane to fly us cylinders from the main island at the moment, true... but given that we're only using it for cooking, it's probably okay to put that off for a while.
Thanatos: The biggest problem we've currently got on our hands isn't infrastructure related. It concerns the nature of our residents' relationships.
Principal: Ah, this topic again...
Thanatos: We seem to be muddling through on the implicit understanding that Yuuji's a piece of "common property" to be shared among everyone... but even if the harem continues, I really think he needs to pick an actual wife.
Principal: Not much fun having all those girls monopolizing your baby brother's time, hmm?
Thanatos: I won't deny it. But more importantly, Yuuji's the "boss" of this little pack... unless he decides on a primary mate fairly soon, it's going to lead to trouble down the line.
Thanatos: Not to sound too egotistical, but I'd probably keep things quite stable if I assumed that position... That said, I'm rather fond of my "big sister" role, and wouldn't really want to give it up...
Thanatos: So if at all possible, I'd like to help the boy find himself a proper bride.
Principal: Uhhh... I see...
Principal: Incidentally, Kazuki-san, how would you evaluate the other girls at Mihama?
Thanatos: Care to be more specific?
Principal: Well, which do you think would make the best bride for Kazami-kun?
Thanatos: ...Hmm... good question. First of all, there's Sakaki Yumiko...
Thanatos: At a glance, she seems to have opened up to the others... but beneath the surface, she's still something of a loner. Her back acne is proof of that.
Principal: Oh, now we've circled around to the back acne thing...
Principal: Does that mean you already anticipated exactly how this conversation would play out from the moment I showed up?
Thanatos: I suppose. When I noticed you going out of your way to approach me, I did have a suspicion we might end up talking about this.
Principal: You really are a frightening girl, you know that? But anyway... what's back acne got to do with anything?
Thanatos: Were you aware that Sakaki Yumiko's had a small zit on her right shoulderblade for the last little while?
Principal: No, can't say that I was...
Thanatos: I noticed it two days ago myself. In that time, it doesn't appear that she's done anything about it. Had someone noticed it and mentioned it to her, I doubt that would be the case.
Principal: What, a single zit on her back means she's a "loner"? That seems a bit arbitrary.
Thanatos: The matter of her back acne is merely an illustrative example demonstrating her emotional distance from the others. Essentially, the girl's still holding herself a bit apart.
Thanatos: For example... there's only one person I could imagine actually telling her about that zit, helping her remove it, and giving her advice to prevent future issues. And that would be Yuuji himself.
Principal: Uhh... okay...
Thanatos: However, from Yuuji's perspective... I think Sakaki Yumiko is something like a rather nagging elder sister. He doesn't treat her especially gently, either. It may be hard for him to see her as a potential romantic partner...
Thanatos: That said, he wouldn't be happy to have her just disappear on him. She's probably the best of all the girls when it comes to getting along with Yuuji on his own terms.
Thanatos: The boy's a rather unsociable sort himself, you know? As fellow loners, they seem to know exactly how much space to give each other.
Thanatos: ...I suppose it's only natural given the circumstances of her birth and childhood, but Sakaki Yumiko is truly atrocious at showing affection to men.
Thanatos: If she learned how to provide a contrast to her usual "not interested" attitude by proactively demanding his love every once in a while, Yuuji would fall for her in no time.
Principal: Just like that?
Thanatos: Just like that. I've already run a similar experiment.
Principal: An experiment...? What do you mean?
Thanatos: At one point, I decided to make some inarizushi for Yuuji. And I went out of my way to screw it up entirely.
Thanatos: I simply cut raw-fried tofu in half and stuffed in some rice from the electric cooker. The result was a flavorless, mushy mess.
Thanatos: Naturally, I could have made him perfect inarizushi if I'd chosen to do so. But instead, I deliberately botched the job.
Principal: So you were... testing his love for you by seeing whether he'd finish it anyway?
Thanatos: That was part of the idea, yes. But more importantly, I wanted him to see his "perfect" big sister fail.
Thanatos: It can be hard to approach a woman who seems utterly flawless, you know? By demonstrating an unexpected bit of clumsiness, you bring yourself down to earth in the other party's eyes.
Thanatos: Afterward, I pretended to gradually improve my cooking skills over the course of three follow-up attempts. It's hard for an amateur to pretend that they're a professional, but the reverse is trivially easy.
Thanatos: Not only did I reduce the emotional distance between us by demonstrating that I had my "weaknesses," I also fooled him into thinking I was making an earnest effort to improve for his sake.
Thanatos: By the end, Yuuji was eating my perfectly ordinary inarizushi with remarkable delight and obvious gratitude.
Principal: The experiment was a rousing success, Professor! Although I have to say, using your own brother as a guinea pig seems a little questionable...
Thanatos: Well... I wanted him to love me, you know?
Principal: That's your excuse...?
Thanatos: In any case... if Sakaki Yumiko can learn to be a bit "cuter" in a similar way, she still has a good chance of success.
Principal: I see. Very enlightening.
Principal: Next up, uh... what do you think of Matsushima-san?
Thanatos: I'm... not sure how much there is to say, really. Where our bottle-blond is concerned, what you see is pretty much what you get.
Thanatos: Every once in a while, I help the girl with her studies... or at least try to teach her how to study... but she really is a handful and a half, isn't she?
Thanatos: They do say that troublesome children are all the more endearing, but she's an extreme case. Take your eyes off her for a moment, and she'll reliably do something absurd... at times, I'm amazed Yuuji resists the urge to punch her.
Thanatos: However, most of her bizarre behavior is the product of her passionate feelings for Yuuji. And I do think he understands that as well.
Thanatos: If she abruptly "wised up" and stopped causing any trouble at all, I think it's quite possible that he'd rapidly lose interest in her.
Thanatos: Matsushima Michiru is probably fine the way she is. She's quite happy spinning her wheels, as long as Yuuji's willing to play along with her nonsense every once in a while... and Yuuji himself clearly understands that.
Thanatos: But if she gets too comfortable with the status quo, Yuuji's eventually going to get tired of spoiling her. In order to avoid that, she needs to make a consistent effort to improve herself... one small step at a time, of course.
Principal: ...Hmm.... Does that mean... a low-maintenance, thoughtful girl like Suou-san would actually be a bit unappealing to Kazami-kun?
Thanatos: Oh, I think not. You won't find many women as "convenient" as Amane, after all.
Thanatos: Even at the time of our bus accident, I had her pegged as a possible partner for Yuuji... she's probably the best fit for him of anyone here, in terms of personality.
Thanatos: She's kind, honest, and a bit of a coward, but also a remarkably strong person. And above all else, the girl's sweet and gentle. She resembles my mother in certain ways...
Thanatos: Amane is the kind of woman you want to be with... the kind of woman you want at your side forever. And if she bears a child and becomes a mother, I think her unique charm would grow all the stronger.
Principal: When it comes to being considerate and hard-working, I suppose Komine-san is probably cut from the same cloth...
Thanatos: True enough. Komine Sachi really is a remarkably competent girl... she deals with anything you throw at her quite deftly, and she's strong-willed enough to do whatever it takes to achieve her objectives.
Thanatos: At a glance she might seem rather docile, but she's stubborn as a mule when it comes to keeping her word, and a bit of a sore loser to boot. Although those quirks can be tricky to deal with, they're also rather adorable.
Thanatos: The girl's always standing by for orders, and once they're issued she never hesitates to carry them out. Almost like a top-class orderly, really. In that sense, she's also quite compatible with Yuuji.
Thanatos: What's more, she's shameless enough to throw herself on him from behind and boldly demand "praise" for her efforts.
Thanatos: Her willingness to proactively put her own interests before those of the other girls is also quite impressive. She's definitely a bit troublesome in some respects, but I'd say she's a close second to Amane in terms of compatibility.
Principal: Well, if we're talking "troublesome"... that's probably Irisu-san more than anyone else, don't you think? Even aside from her messy family situation, I always had so much trouble dealing with that girl...
Thanatos: To be certain, she's in the same category as Matsushima Michiru in that regard. But unlike Michiru, she's also capable of surprisingly rapid growth. I'm rather interested in seeing how she develops.
Thanatos: Although I'm sure it simply comes naturally to her, she's also quite skilled at convincing men to spoil her... and she knows how to be selfish to a degree that isn't unpleasant. Probably has something to do with her upbringing, I'd imagine.
Thanatos: If she continues to mature at her current rate, she'll eventually be able to stand at Yuuji's side as an equal.
Thanatos: One day, she might develop into a woman capable of fully understanding Yuuji and his past... someone who can truly see things from his perspective, standing in the same arena to support him.
Thanatos: It might be a rather heavy burden for such a dimunitive girl to bear, but she's probably the only member of this group who can possibly pull it off.
Thanatos: Yuuji cares about her a great deal, of course. I think he sees her almost as another version of himself. In time, she might become the sort of intimate confidant for him that he was for Kusakabe Asako... I suppose.
Thanatos: ...And that concludes my current assessment of Kazami Yuuji's potential brides.
Principal: Uhhm... I'm not sure how to put this, bwuuut... arent'cha forgetting someone very important?
Thanatos: What? Oh... Harudera-san, you mean?
Thanatos: That woman likes to present herself as his responsible guardian, but she's definitely the shadiest of the whole lot... That said, I think she's perfectly capable of staying loyal to Yuuji for the rest of her life...
Thanatos: After all, she was the one who bound him to this world when he lost all purpose following Kusakabe Asako's death. And she was also the one who taught him just how "troublesome" women can be...
Thanatos: But when you bring marriage into the equation... I doubt it would work out particularly well...
Thanatos: They've already realized that spending too much time around each other just exhausts them both. They find it more comfortable to see each other only at convenient intervals... that's an obstacle that will be hard to overcome.
Thanatos: Even if I were to push them to get married, I expect they'd reply "We're not in that kind of a relationship" in perfect unison...
Principal: Right... uhhh... That was a very thoughtful response, so I couldn't help listening respectfully... but to be perfectly honest, you somewhat misinterpreted my question... err...
Thanatos: ...What exactly do you want me to say? Be specific, please.
Principal: Well, you see... four-eyed girls are in fashion these days, aren't they? I thought perhaps you might consider that category as well... excluding any dark-skinned candidates with red-framed glasses, in this particular case...
Thanatos: In other words, you're asking about yourself?
Principal: If I were to put the matter bluntly, without fear of being misunderstood... then yes. 
Thanatos: It's not going to happen.
Principal: Grrr...
Thanatos: Don't growl at me. It's not like you have any intention of getting romantically involved with him anyway.
Principal: You never know! If Kazami-kun sincerely chose me, I'd certainly give the matter serious consideration.
Thanatos: You'd consider it seriously... but ultimately decline, correct?
Principal: ...To be honest, my parents probably wouldn't allow it anyway.
Thanatos: Your partner tries rather hard to be considerate and obliging, which makes you self-conscious about burdening them. You both understand how the other feels; still, it's hard to connect too deeply.
Thanatos: Perhaps you want to abandon the status quo and reorganize your life around them... but the possibility that might weigh them down is so awkward that you leave things be. Such is the fate of most "romances" for women past a certain age...
Principal: You're putting it rather cruelly, but I do know exactly what you mean...
Thanatos: You're an only child, aren't you? You really ought to find a proper marriage partner while your parents are still hale and hearty.
Thanatos: A grown woman who wastes time worrying about her boyfriend's circumstances isn't cut out for romance. Learn to casually demand attention when you're bored, and find someone who will adjust their life to fit you into it.
Principal: ...If it was that easy, I'd already be married...
Thanatos: Ah, there is one thing to keep in mind, though... if you play things that way with multiple men at once, you may end up putting off marriage even longer.
Thanatos: In the worst-case scenario, you might even find yourself fishing up a whole bucketful of lovers, like my unfortunate little brother.
Principal: ...I'll be sure to keep that in mind...
Thanatos: In any case, I really would like to help us move past this vague, unstable "harem" stage...
Thanatos: Given that he's deliberately ignoring the feelings of the girls around him, Yuuji's basically got two choices...
Principal: Two choices...?
Thanatos: To be blunt, he needs to either find some way to get along with all of them perfectly equally, or to chop off his own penis.
Principal: Uh, I really don't think that second one is an option!
Thanatos: Well, jokes aside, the situation's far from ideal... which means something needs to be done about it.

Amane: Yuujiii? The bath should be free by now. Why don't you go use it?
Yuuji: Yeah, I think I'll do that.
Amane: Nhehehe... want me to come in with you?
Yuuji: You've already taken yours, haven't you? At least let me take my baths in peace.
Amane: Make sure to wash behind your ears, okaaay?
Yuuji: What are you, my mother...?
Narration: *―On this island, our rooms are a lot less "private" than the ones we had in the Mihama dorms... meaning I've had a hell of a lot less time to myself lately.*
Narration: *Of course, I spent quite a few years living in barracks of some kind, so I'm not about to bitch and moan about my personal privacy...*
Narration: *But in communal environments like this, you always need to find ways to get yourself some periods of solitude.*
Narration: *Back when I was in the military, the three minutes I was allowed in the latrines were always very precious to me; and after entering Mihama, I used my walk-in closet as a private space.*
Narration: *And now, as the result of a "bathhouse non-aggression treaty" the girls apparently worked out, I'm at least allowed the privilege of taking my baths by myself.*
Narration: *When I wake up in the morning, I run three laps around the island with Makina, then see to the needs of our livestock.*
Narration: *Once that's done, I help Amane gather produce from our vegetable garden; lately, I've been helping make tofu from our soy beans as well.*
Narration: *Next, I usually head over to the beach with Sachi, catch a few bizarre fish I've never seen before in my life, and dry-preserve anything we won't be eating today.*
Narration: *In the early afternoon, Sakaki and Kazuki finally emerge. Their daily schedules seem to be quite similar, oddly enough. They're in bed by 10 PM and get up at 4 in the morning.*
Narration: *I'm not sure about the exact details... but they tend to spend roughly three hours grumbling at their computer screens or some paperwork, eat a quick breakfast, and then go back to bed until noon or so.*
Narration: *In any case, the afternoon's occupied by our classes. They're similar to the ones we used to have back at Mihama; our textbooks are the same, for one thing. We even have "electives," although they're now self-study periods.*
Narration: *While most of the group earnestly works through their texts, Michiru's something of an exception... she usually spends these periods grappling with a elementary-school level book covering stuff like fractions and division.*
Narration: *A majority of her classmates look on with obvious pity in their eyes, but my sister's trying so very hard to help Michiru that no one goes so far as to tease her.*
Yuuji: ...There's still a ton of problems to deal with, but we've got a pretty stable life here for now...
Narration: *The fighting's finally over. It's satisfying to know that, of course... but my feelings are oddly mixed. There's a definite tinge of something like loneliness swirling around in my gut.*
Narration: *Prompted by the dull, almost physical ache of my emotions, I glance down at my belly. A fresh scar left by a blade stands out vividly against my skin.*
Yuuji: ...Pretty impressive I even survived...
Narration: *In the old days, I might have lamented the fact that I still hadn't earned the right to die... but now, the thought of losing my life for my own selfish reasons actually inspires a twinge of fear.*
Yuuji: ...You know, now that I look closely... I've got scars all over the damn place, don't I...?
Narration: *Still... while some of my joints aren't quite as mobile as they used to be, I'm in pretty decent shape, all things considered. Reflecting on my good fortune, I squeeze some shampoo into my left hand and rub it vigorously into my scalp.*
Narration: *As a child, I always hated washing my hair. Closing my eyes and using both hands to rub in the shampoo made me feel vulnerable; so I tried to get it over with as quickly as possible, like a giraffe deals with its need for sleep.*
Narration: *It's still hard to relax when I'm doing this, honestly. It always makes me imagine someone sneaking up behind me.*
Narration: *I'm a lot older now, and I've experienced a lot of things, but I've never stopped being a coward at heart.*
Yuuji: ...Phew...
Narration: *Hot water trickles down my body, and my sunburnt skin tingles painfully.*
Narration: *That slight discomfort actually brings me a sort of pleasure. I guess that's proof of just how peaceful my life here is.*
Narration: *Now that I've rinsed my hair, it's time for a soak in the bath...*
Narration: *...Although of course, it's not really a conventional "bath" so much as the section of an abandoned building where we dump fresh-water coolant from our decommissioned submarine.*
Narration: *Sinking into the plentiful hot water all the way to my neck, I can practically feel the fatigue melting out of my body.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, Asako always loved baths too. She'd take two long soaks every single day.*
Narration: *I used to go in with her pretty often, but once I got my dog, I started bathing with her instead... And there were a few serious "arguments" between the two of them as a result.*
Yuuji: ...Heheh...
Narration: *Asako used to stand there fully nude with her hands on her hips, glowering down at the poor thing... jabbing a finger into its chest the way only a former naval officer can...*
Narration: *The memory always brings a smile to my face. What was it she shouted at the dog? "You can have the morning bath, but he's mine tonight! Is that clear!?"*
Narration: *I've gone through a lot of suffering, and my life's been unpleasant more often than not... but looking back on it now, all I remember are the happy moments. I guess that's a good sign, isn't it?*
Narration: *Suddenly, this pleasant train of thought is interrupted by a voice from behind me.*
Thanatos: ...Well, well. Someone certainly seems to be in a good mood...
Yuuji: ...!?
Narration: *When I spin around, I find my beloved sister Kazami Kazuki standing there, looking a bit like a vampire that's just materalized out of the mist.*
Thanatos: ...You got careless, Wyler.
Yuuji: Who the hell is Wyler supposed to be...?
Thanatos: Didn't you watch that afternoon movie on satellite TV last Thursday? There was a scene where the assassin sneaks into the cop's house while he's lifting weights, remember?
Yuuji: Uh, wasn't the line "Way to pump that iron, Wyler" or something?
Yuuji: Not that I really care either way, of course. What are you even doing here...?
Thanatos: ...What am I doing here...? Is that supposed to be a philosophical inquiry?
Yuuji: Nope. I was just looking for an explanation for the phenomenon I'm currently observing...
Thanatos: ...It's only natural for the lion to kill the zebra and consume its flesh. And it's only natural for the big sister to bathe with her brother.. Those are just the rules.
Yuuji: Can you not spout complete nonsense in such a confident tone of voice...?
Thanatos: Honestly, Yuuji. Stop leaning on this petty "common sense" to justify yourself. It only makes you look small-minded...
Thanatos: I mean, the entire concept is so vague that another observer could easily interpret it in a completely different way. Only a truly pathetic man would cling to such a slender reed...
Yuuji: Nee-chan... I know you enjoy the whole "mad genius" act, but could you maybe tone it down a little...?
Thanatos: That's quite a way to speak to your big sister...
Yuuji: Ouch, that hurt... don't kick me like that... I can see your private parts, you know?
Thanatos: Want to explore them further...?
Yuuji: Maybe next time.
Thanatos: ...What's the problem? You'll sleep with other girls, but not your own big sister?
Yuuji: Normally, that's the way it's supposed to be. Would you stop grinding your heel into my face like that...?
Thanatos: Answer me this, then. In what respect are you "normal," exactly?
Yuuji: I wahha... behome normal, so... blegh. Look, when I asked you to stop it with the heel, that didn't mean "stick your toes into my mouth"...
Thanatos: You're such a remarkably demanding boy... This is exactly why you haven't lost your big-sister virginity yet, you know?
Yuuji: I'm okay holding on to that one forever, thanks...
Thanatos: Well, whatever... let's move on to the main topic, then.
Yuuji: ...The main topic...?
Thanatos: At the end of the day, which of these girls do you like best?
Yuuji: Not this again...
Thanatos: You do understand that things can't stay the way they are forever, yes?
Yuuji: Well, sure... but when you get right down to it, I still love Asako more than anyone else...
Thanatos: ...Kusakabe Asako is dead. And what was so appealing about her, anyway...?
Yuuji: ...She was cute as hell, for one thing...
Thanatos: "Cute"...?
Thanatos: Goodness gracious. It appears that my little brother has some extremely peculiar tastes...
Yuuji: ...Uhm, Onee-sama? I know this is asking a lot, but... could you perhaps stop kicking me in the face like that...?
Thanatos: Well, all right... I understand that you still haven't managed to forget about Kusakabe Asako...
Thanatos: But if that's the case, why have you gotten involved with all these other girls?
Yuuji: ...Uh, well...
Thanatos: Making love to any woman you can possibly get your hands on is bestial behavior, you know? Do you have some personal compulsion to sleep with every single girl you meet?
Yuuji: Come on, you're going a little too far. There are plenty of women I've never laid a hand on...
Thanatos: For example?
Yuuji: Let's see... Zoe Graham, for one...
Thanatos: The woman's married, for crying out loud. And you killed her father! If you somehow slept with her, you really would be a monster... I'd have to abandon you in the woods somewhere.
Yuuji: Come to think of it, she hasn't been in touch since we came here... what's she up to these days?
Thanatos: The same as usual. She's still working for Langley, and as a maid in that soba restaurant.
Yuuji: She did say she'd come kill me once everything was over, though...
Thanatos: Do you want her to murder you?
Yuuji: Uh, not really, but...
Thanatos: Well, her main objective was Oslo's assassination, and you took care of that for her. Perhaps she's simply putting the matter of her father on hold for the time being?
Yuuji: ...On hold...?
Thanatos: A debt like that is often far more profitable when you don't immediately ask for it to be repaid.
Thanatos: Eventually, when she has need of your particular skills, she'll no doubt approach you. And she'll bring up what you did to her father.
Thanatos: You won't be able to turn her down, will you?
Yuuji: ...Well, crap...
Thanatos: Don't moan at me. You might think you've managed to change the subject, but I'm not so easily derailed. You need to pick one of them, all right?
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess...
Narration: *It's not going to be possible to leave everything up in the air like this forever.*
Narration: *Sooner or later, I'll have to choose someone. I do understand that.*
Narration: *But that said... what kind of a standard am I supposed to use when making that kind of a decision?*
Narration: *If I was picking someone for, say, a special forces mission, the criteria would be simple and clear-cut.*
Narration: *Number one is basic physical strength. Number two is mental fortitude. And number three is patriotism.*
Narration: *No matter what your skills, you're not cut out for a special mission unless you have a certain level of physical fitness. And you need to be resilient enough to shrug off terrible setbacks with a laugh, no matter how dire things get.*
Narration: *As for patriotism... you could probably substitute the word irony. Basically, if you're capable of spouting nationalistic crap no matter what your real thoughts might be, you'll have an easier time working in a unit.*
Narration: *Now then... what would the equivalent criteria be in the context of picking a woman to marry...?*
Narration: *Robust healthiness... a thoughtful nature... and the kind of skills that would come in handy on a daily basis, maybe...?*
Narration: *In that case, the first candidate who jumps to mind would definitely be Suou Amane.*
Narration: *Her mother apparently drummed a truly astonishing range of "wifely skills" into her at a young age. Her somewhat overactive sex drive can be a bit of an issue, but she's otherwise an ideal candidate.*
Narration: *If I was picking someone for a short-term one to two week mission, she'd undoubtedly be the best possible choice I could make.*
Narration: *However... we're talking about "marriage" here.*
Narration: *Running from battlefield to battlefield with someone for ten or twenty years is a very different story. And it's common for elite soldiers to get bored with playing a single role for too long.*
Narration: *What's more, when you're looking at things on a longer time frame, there's also the matter of "untapped potential" to consider.*
Narration: *Right... growth potential. That's definitely a very relevant consideration.*
Narration: *For example... even in places like the Seals or Delta, where practically everyone is a highly-trained elite soldier, many units tend to have a single moron who presence feels all but inexplicable.*
Narration: *Most people will assume this moron got misassigned as the result of some bureaucratic mistake, but the reality's quite different. The brass always puts them there deliberately.*
Narration: *Even if you fill a squad with nothing but brilliant over-achievers, some kind of hierarchy is still going to form. And that can give rise to crippling tension when everyone's got a healthy ego.*
Narration: *In that case, you might as well put in some obvious "deadweight" from the start.*
Narration: *Having that deadweight blundering around makes it easier for everyone else to feel a bit more secure. And compensating for their idiocy helps keep the group sharp.*
Narration: *What's more, seeing that moron eventually grow into a halfway decent soldier provides the unit with an indispensable sense of solidarity.*
Narration: *Matsushima Michiru plays a very similar role around here. She's completely useless, any way you look at it.*
Narration: *The commanding officer expects a great deal from their "deadweight," in a sense. At times, they may even find their struggles highly endearing.*
Narration: *If Sakaki Yumiko scored a 100 on some test, I'd probably just nod my head and think "Not bad. That's Sakaki for you, all right"...*
Narration: *But if Michiru brought home a 70, I'd most likely shower her with praise and pet her on the head like a dog that's finally managed to perform some difficult trick.*
Narration: *Given the importance of "growth potential" for any military organization, I'm hesitant to immediately settle on an elite bride like Amane.*
Narration: *―While I've spent some time now puzzling over this from multiple angles, I still haven't reached anything like a conclusion.*
Narration: *The more I consider their various qualities, backgrounds, and future prospects, the harder it is to narrow down my potential choices.*
Narration: *If this were a dangerous mission into enemy territory, I could simply declare that I'd be going it alone...*
Narration: *But given that my "soldiers" would no doubt step forward and enthusiastically volunteer to accompany me, leaving them all behind would surely be rather cruel.*
Yuuji: Aah... it feels like I've been going around in circles all day...
Yuuji: I'm pretty damn tired... guess I'll go take a bath and think this over by myself for a while...
Narration: *―The bath. The one and only place where I can be alone.*
Narration: *I'll stretch out my body in that nice warm water, and then come back to this problem with a fresh mind.*
Narration: *After double-checking that the card on the door reads "Male Bathing," I slide it open and enter.*

Narration: *"At the end of the day, a kind heart is nothing more than a vulnerability for those of the other sex to exploit."*
Narration: *It was Kazuki herself who drilled those words into my head.*
Narration: *But even when it isn't being pointed out to me, I'm well aware of the fact that I'm a pushover when it comes to women.*
Narration: *Despite interacting with all of the girls from Mihama over the last few days, if you pressed me to choose one of them, I still wouldn't be able to make a decision.*
Narration: *I do understand that the bonds we share are what really matter, and that we have to be honest with each other about the way we feel.*
Narration: *But regardless, there's inevitably going to come a day when I have to provide an answer.*
Narration: *...I've spent nearly twenty minutes standing outside the door to Kazuki's room.*
Narration: *Taking one short, deep breath, I finally work up the courage to knock.*
Yuuji: Kazaki Yuuji... reporting in.
Thanatos: "Enter, please."
Narration: *The response from within comes quickly, and I push open the door.*
Narration: *Stepping into the room, I find Kazuki seated at her bureau desk, apparently in the middle of writing something.*
Yuuji: Nee-chan...
Narration: *When I speak to her, Kazuki silently holds out her hand in a gesture that clearly means "wait."*
Narration: *After about ten seconds of silence, she slowly opens her mouth to speak.*
Thanatos: Have you reached a decision?
Yuuji: No...
Thanatos: So you couldn't make up your mind after all.
Yuuji: ...Even if I did choose someone at this point, there'd be a lot of sore feelings afterward...
Thanatos: Well, I suppose that's the natural conclusion to draw... if you actually think there's some way to resolve this without hurting anyone, or even making yourself feel bad.
Yuuji: Cut it out... I know I'm the one at fault here, but it really hurts when you put it that bluntly...
Thanatos: As I've already told you, choosing one of them is your best option...
Thanatos: But if you can't bring yourself to make the optimal decision... you'll have to go with a more "optimistic" plan.
Thanatos: In this situation, your possible alternatives can be divided into two general categories.
Thanatos: There's the net-zero strategy, in which you no longer treat anyone as a romantic partner... and the fair-share plan, in which you lavish a perfectly equal amount of love on all of the women you've gotten involved with.
Thanatos: Regarding the net-zero plan... while the women on this island may have established a temporary non-aggression pact concerning you, it's obvious that you'll continue to attract a constant stream of would-be partners...
Thanatos: You could always end up dying like Kusakabe Asako, living on in their hearts as she lives in yours... but until that day comes, the struggle over you will never end. In practice, this plan is a nonstarter.
Yuuji: Well, in that case...
Thanatos: Exactly. In that case, you might as well go with the fair-share plan... keep them all dancing in the palm of your hand, doling out your affections in small doses...
Thanatos: However, when disputes arise it would be your sole responsibility to keep the peace among your "flock." And to be frank, you'd be eternally branded as a no-good bum who couldn't choose a single woman. Can you live with that?
Yuuji: ...I'm not egotistical enough to think I can gloss over my misdeeds... if I could control my dick, it never would have come to this. I'll accept the world's scorn...
Thanatos: ...You're a hopeless philanderer...
Yuuji: I'm used to hearing that sort of thing by now... and I'm not going to try and deny it.
Thanatos: Not making a choice may require "courage" of a kind, but you're still the scum of the earth. Never let yourself forget it.
Yuuji: Yeah... I know...
Thanatos: That said... in some respects, it seems you're still the wimpy little boy I used to know.
Yuuji: Well, I've still got a pretty deep-seated fear of women... thanks to the scars you left on my psyche, Onee-chan.
Thanatos: Are you really trying to make this my fault?
Yuuji: I'm not saying you deserve all the blame... but if you can't admit there were some underlying factors at work here, I'd probably just have to jump off a bridge in penance.
Thanatos: Hrm... and as your excuse, you're going with "psychological trauma" related to formative experiences from your childhood...?
Yuuji: Yeah. I never completely got over the stuff you did to me, honestly...
Thanatos: Want to try and get over it now?
Yuuji: How am I supposed to do that?
Thanatos: By having sex.
Yuuji: With who?
Thanatos: Me, obviously.
Yuuji: We're siblings, remember?
Thanatos: Is that the only reason you can think of not to make love to me?
Yuuji: I'm pretty sure it's good enough on its own.
Thanatos: Does the thought bring back scary memories of the way I used to toy with you?
Yuuji: That's got nothing to do with it.
Thanatos: In that case, why not go for it? I'm the only psychological wall you've got left to overcome.
Yuuji: ......
Thanatos: Don't worry, I won't do anything from my end. You can make love to me however you please.
Yuuji: ...And that's going to change me for the better, somehow?
Thanatos: Well, it's your decision to make. But you're not going to give up before you even try, are you?
Yuuji: That's a pretty crappy excuse for a pickup line...
Narration: *In the end, I find myself handed the task of making love to Kazuki.*
Narration: *My brain seems to have been rendered incapable of processing any particularly complex thoughts. I'm just standing around, listening to the sound of her taking a shower.*
Narration: *There's nothing complicated about this.*
Narration: *I've slept with plenty of women by now.*
Narration: *Kazuki may be my sister, but she's got the same number of holes as any other woman. And I had a whole lot of "practice runs" with her where we came very close to doing the actual deed.*
Narration: *That said, it's also true that she was in complete control for the vast majority of our sexual encounters so far.*
Narration: *Now she's suddenly telling me to do whatever I want with her... and at the moment, I'm not entirely sure what that should involve.*
Narration: *Don't think I've been handed a puzzle this open-ended since Asako told me to live for my own sake on her deathbed. I'm honestly in the mood to set off on another six-month journey of self-discovery at this point.*
Thanatos: ...I'm all finished...
Narration: *When Kazuki returns, having finished her shower, she's wearing a school uniform.*
Narration: *It comes as a bit of a surprise to me.*
Narration: *Given her personality, I was half-expecting her to waltz in completely naked and demand that I get to work immediately.*
Yuuji: ...What's with the uniform?
Thanatos: I gave the matter quite a lot of thought before I settled on this, actually.
Thanatos: I know I'm the one who told you to sleep with me, but I honestly wasn't sure what I should put on before returning here...
Thanatos: Coming back in the nude seemed a bit overly aggressive, but I didn't want to put the same outfit back on and have you assume I was feeling shy...
Yuuji: And that's why you went with the uniform...? I'm amazed you still have that thing, by the way.
Thanatos: It was in the box of my old personal belongings that Harudera-san sent over... Not that it's especially important right now, is it?
Yuuji: Uh, well... Why don't we sit down, for starters...?
Thanatos: Yes, I suppose...
Narration: *―Ever since we were kids, Kazuki's always had me firmly under her thumb. To be perfectly honest, it feels kind of unnerving to be suddenly freed from her absolute authority.*
Narration: *Of course, our relationship's never going to change if we just sit around all day.*
Narration: *But I'm honestly not sure how I should approach this.*
Narration: *Maybe just a casual "Okay, let's get started," followed quickly by a gentle embrace?*
Narration: *Or maybe I should just keep my mouth shut, sidle up next to her, and give her a little bite on the earlobe?*
Narration: *I know that the longer I wait, the harder it's going to be to find the right moment... but this is Kazuki I'm dealing with here. She's probably going to anticipate anything I could possibly try.*
Narration: *Still unsure as to what the correct answer is, I decide to just silently indicate that I'm willing to go through with this.*
Narration: *Kazuki's just sitting on the bed with a vaguely sullen look on her face. I take a seat next to her and gently take hold of her left hand.*
Thanatos: ......
Narration: *Kazuki's body twitches briefly at my sudden touch, but she doesn't offer any further reaction.*
Narration: *"I'm not going to do anything. You can approach this however you please," huh?*
Narration: *Well, I'm sure she didn't mean that completely literally... and at a glance, it almost looks like she's just too nervous to move.*
Narration: *I can feel her hand growing sweaty in mine; there's a blush spreading across her face, and she's deliberately lowering it to avoid my gaze.*
Yuuji: ...Nee-chan?
Thanatos: ......
Narration: *I speak to her, but she doesn't respond or even look at me.*
Narration: *Well, if I can't even gaze into her eyes... guess that just means I need to get a little pushy and go for a kiss right off the bat.*
Yuuji: Nee-chan, look over here. At me.
Thanatos: ...O-Okay...
Narration: *Despite verbally consenting to my request, my sister doesn't move her face whatsoever.*
Yuuji: Hey. Kazuki.
Thanatos: ...W-What is it, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: ...We did plenty of kissing back when we were kids, right? Hell, you probably remember exactly how many times it happened...
Thanatos: ...I don't remember, actually...
Yuuji: What a liar. Just look at me already, would you? You're making this kind of awkward.
Thanatos: ...Yes, yes... I know...
Narration: *Timidly, Kazuki begins to angle her face slightly toward me.*
Narration: *Compared to the face I remember so well from my childhood... it leaves a pretty different impression.*
Narration: *Her absolute, overwhelming aura of self-confidence is no longer in evidence.*
Yuuji: ...What, are you pretending to be bashful now? That's not really your style, Nee-chan.
Thanatos: ...O-Oh, shut up... I'm used to "kissing" you, yes... but being kissed is a very different matter...
Yuuji: Well, I guess I can kind of understand what you mean...
Narration: *I mean... Now that we're actually looking each other in the face, I'm suddenly so nervous I can barely even breathe.*
Narration: *The two of us simply gaze at each other for a moment, saying nothing at all.*
Narration: *A trickle of sweat runs slowly down the back of my head. The silence probably only lasts five seconds or so, but it feels like an eternity.*
Narration: *This oddly tense staring contest finally comes to an end when Kazuki leans forward and thumps her forehead against my chest.*
Yuuji: ...Nee-chan?
Thanatos: ...I'm sorry, Yuuji... I think I might be a bit... scared...
Yuuji: Scared...?
Thanatos: ...I mean... the Yuuji I used to know... was just a cute little thing... but before I knew it, you got 
Thanatos: ...You're still Yuuji, of course... I know you haven't changed deep down... but even so...
Yuuji: ...Don't think I've ever seen you this meek before, Nee-chan...
Thanatos: ...I've tried very hard to always be an ideal big sister... someone you could respect and admire. But now, I'm acting like some perfectly commonplace woman... it's so humiliating, I think I might cry...
Narration: *Her face still buried against me, Kazuki begins to tremble.*
Narration: *I've never seen my sister like this before... and once again, I feel my heart throbbing nervously in my chest, even louder than before.*
Narration: *Maybe this is the part where I should be spouting off some generically manly line like "don't force yourself to do this"...*
Narration: *...After which you just give the girl a gentle hug, then pat her on the back until she calms down... while secretly enjoying the way her bra straps dig into her skin.*
Narration: *It's a reasonable thought, but I don't think I can let this situation drag on forever. If I don't do anything to Kazuki right now, I'll be right back where I was as a kid.*
Narration: *This is my chance to turn the tables.*
Narration: *My sister always treated me like her personal plaything... she demanded my love, but didn't hesitate to brainwash me into obeying her. And sometimes, she used me as an outlet for her lust.*
Narration: *And right now... I've been handed a golden opportunity to get my revenge.*
Narration: *Pulling Kazuki's chin up from my chest, I press my lips to hers... to the lips I've been intimately familiar with ever since I was a young child.*
Thanatos: ...Nn... nnnnh!!
Narration: *The forceful kiss brings to mind a time when I had my way with a certain arrogant redheaded officer. It's an incredibly arousing feeling.*
Thanatos: ...Y-Yuuji...?
Yuuji: Sorry, but this was taking too long, and I got kind of impatient... I think I'm just going to move things ahead now, all right?
Narration: *That's right. I'm turning the tables, damn it!*
Narration: *If I was a singer-songwriter, I'd be about ready to compose and perform a stirring ballad on the theme of revenge on the spot.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Don't think I'll actually burst into song, but I might as well get those clothes off. Just don't struggle, Nee-chan, and I'll...
Yuuji: ...No, wait... Maybe a little struggling would be sexier...? Any thoughts?
Thanatos: Yuuji... please don't tell me you're like this when you're in bed with the other girls...
Yuuji: Hmm... I'd say this is pretty typical for me, once I've decided to turn off my brain and go with the flow...
Thanatos: ...Oh well, so be it... I suppose it's a bit easier for me like this anyway...
Thanatos: Should I... take off my own clothes? Or do you want to remove them?
Yuuji: Let me do it.
Narration: *"When you're taking off a woman's clothes, start by unbuttoning her sleeves!"*
Narration: *That's an ironclad rule.*
Narration: *If you go straight for the chest buttons, desperate to get your girl naked before she changes her mind, you'll end up catching both her hands in her sleeves when you try to yank the shirt off her.*
Narration: *And once you've locked her arms behind her in a chicken-wing hold, and you hear the joints of her shoulders groaning from the strain... you don't have much choice but to whisper "say Uncle" in her ear. No fun for anyone involved.*
Narration: *Fortunately, Kazuki picked out the relatively simple summer uniform. After quickly and smoothly pulling it off her, I find myself staring at the naked breasts of my own sister.*
Thanatos: ...W-What...?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I can't say it.*
Narration: *If I say it out loud, I'm going to get slapped in the face. Instantly.*
Narration: *And so, I whisper the words silently in my own mind instead.*
Narration: *"Pretty small..."*
Narration: *Yeah. That just about covers it, actually.*
Narration: *My sister's breasts might be even more modest than Makina's.*
Narration: *When I reach out and touch them, Kazuki lets out a brief moan.*
Thanatos: ...Nn...
Narration: *The moment I hear that sexual little sound, something grinds to a halt inside my mind.*
Narration: *This is my actual sister.*
Narration: *The woman I feared like a god.*
Narration: *She's sitting here completely naked, exposing her underdeveloped body to me.*
Narration: *My desire fights against my most basic inhibitions.*
Narration: *There's a wall I have to overcome here. There's also a line I really shouldn't cross.*
Narration: *A hundred different thoughts swirl violently around inside my head... and a "pillar" at the center of the storm collapses under the strain.*
Yuuji: Okay, no! I can't do this! I just can't!
Thanatos: Don't be silly! It's a little... late for that now, don't you think...?
Narration: *True enough.*
Narration: *The two of us have already done all sorts of semi-sexual things with each other.*
Narration: *But even so, now that we're older... doing something like this carries a lot more "weight" and meaning.*
Narration: *It's not like it was back then, when we blindly pursued pleasure without giving much thought to anything else.*
Narration: *Sex has to be an expression of our feelings, first and foremost.*
Thanatos: ...All right then, Yuuji. Do you actually love me...?
Narration: *In the old days, I would have hesitated for a moment and then answered "Yeah" without giving it too much thought. But I feel like I should be taking the question more seriously now.*
Narration: *Looking back on it now... to be perfectly honest, I think I was more in awe of her than anything else. *
Narration: *Kazuki's my big sister. Nothing more, nothing less.*
Narration: *And you're not supposed to love your siblings in a sexual way.*
Narration: *I can't really ask myself how I'd feel if she wasn't related to me, either. It really is a bit late to be realizing this, but... now that I'm capable of considering her question seriously, I have no idea how to respond.*
Narration: *My sister was gone for seven years.*
Narration: *And during that period, I met many different women. It's not like she was constantly on my mind.*
Narration: *I didn't really compare my lovers to her and find them lacking, either. I've been very happy with women who were completely different from Kazuki.*
Narration: *But here she is, years later, saying I can do what I please with her. And a part of me is wondering... why now, after all this time? Why offer herself to me at this specific moment?*
Thanatos: ...I love you, Yuuji... I love you more than anyone else in the world...
Narration: *Kazuki said that to me many, many times when we were children.*
Narration: *Back then, I was so neglected by my own parents that I thought my sister was the only person in the world who loved me, and I viewed our relationship in those simple terms.*
Narration: *Right now, of course, the circumstances are very different.*
Narration: *But even so, hearing her say those words once again makes me happy.*
Yuuji: ...Nee-chan.
Thanatos: ...Yes...?
Narration: *When I pull her slender body into my arms, I find it's not nearly so cold as I remember. My sister's a woman now; and as I feel her warmth, a light fog spreads over my thoughts.*
Narration: *When I touch her lips, which seemed artificially cold when we were children, the turmoil in my mind grows more severe... but at the same time, I feel oddly reassured by their ordinary temperature.*
Narration: *When we were children, I thought my sister was omnipotent. But right now, I'm starting to feel like I might be actually able to mold her like putty in my hands...*
Narration: *And I'm surprised to find myself excited at the thought of roughly "defiling" the woman I once viewed as a god.*
Narration: *Lowering my face to my Kazuki's body, I feel my heart growing warm. It's the same sense of inherently "familial" comfort I used to experience when my mom wrapped me up in her arms.*
Narration: *This woman's my sister, all right. There's no mistaking that.*
Narration: *For just a moment, a renewed sense of guilt swells up inside me, and I try to pull away from her.*
Narration: *Apparently interpreting this as another fearful attempt at escape, she wraps her arms around me and refuses to let me go.*
Thanatos: ...Don't think about this rationally. Do you love me or hate me...? If it's the latter, that's all right too. I want you to teach me exactly how much you loathe me...
Narration: *Once again, something inside my mind crumbles to dust at the sound of her voice.*
Narration: *Fine, then. To hell with it all.*
Narration: *I don't give a damn about the consequences.*
Narration: *Right now, I'm going to stop thinking entirely and let my instincts guide me.*
Narration: *I'm going to make love to this woman.*
Narration: *Compared to the old days, I've learned quite a few things about how to please women. I'm not just following my sister's orders anymore.*
Narration: *Yes, this girl once gave her innocent little brother "sex-ed lessons" using her own genitals... but now she's at my mercy. And I've got the fresh new sight of her blushing in embarrassment to enjoy.*
Narration: *I want to see this woman... my sister... completely lose control of herself. That simple desire is this only thing guiding me now.*
Narration: *Reaching out, I stroke Kazuki's genitals with my fingers, the same way I did when we were young.*
Thanatos: ...Nn!
Narration: *But I'm not following my sister's orders this time. I'm moving my hands exactly the way I want to.*
Thanatos: ...Ah... Wait, no... your fingers...
Yuuji: ...Don't worry... I'm not going to hurt you...
Thanatos: Nnn! Ah... no... wait...! Please wait!
Yuuji: What's this? Aren't you going to let me do as I please?
Thanatos: ...There's something... off about this...
Yuuji: Care to be more specific?
Thanatos: This isn't like the Yuuji I knew... you seem so... experienced now...
Yuuji: Unlike a certain someone who spent the last decade or so napping inside a "coffin," I've been out here living my life. It's only natural that I'm more experienced than I used to be, right?
Thanatos: ...Well... I suppose, but...
Yuuji: Even back in the old days, I made a clumsy effort to give you the pleasure you wanted... but at the end of the day, you were basically just using your little brother as a human dildo...
Thanatos: ...Do you have to put it so bluntly...?
Yuuji: But right now, the shoe's on the other foot... it's my turn to make you my plaything, Nee-chan.
Thanatos: ...Nn! Hyee! Ah... no...!
Yuuji: Here... you always liked it when I rubbed my fingers against you from the inside, right...?
Thanatos: Nn...!! Nnngh!! Wait... Yuuji... you're being too rough... ah... aaah!
Yuuji: What are you complaining about...? You love having your clitoris licked while a finger's inside your pussy, don't you...?
Thanatos: Eee!! No...! Not... there...!
Yuuji: You're getting wetter and wetter, so I'm pretty sure I'm right on target. Tell me, how does it feel having the little brother you used to boss around casually toying with your body?
Thanatos: It feels... so good! It's like... I'm being raped by my own little brother... and it's amazing!!
Yuuji: I see. Feels amazing, huh? Sounds like you're a complete pervert, Nee-chan.
Thanatos: That's right... I'm a pervert... I've been waiting so long for this day to come...
Thanatos: I've been waiting for you to make me your plaything... to treat me like a disposable sex toy... For the boy I tormented for years and years to grow up, become bigger and stronger than me, and take his revenge...
Thanatos: I dreamed about the moment you'd shout "this is payback for everything you did to me"... push me down onto your bed... and violently rape me, over and over...
Yuuji: What the hell kind of a fantasy is that to have about your own little brother...? You're sick in the head, Nee-san...
Thanatos: Eeeee!! Nooo! Don't bite me! It... it huuurts!
Yuuji: Kindness feels better when it comes after a little pain, right? And look, you're already enjoying this...
Thanatos: ...Impossible... How can I be this wet already...?
Yuuji: It's reality, I'm afraid. Open your mouth for me, all right?
Thanatos: ...Why?
Yuuji: Just do it. C'mon, say aaah.
Thanatos: A... Aahh...
Yuuji: Here, have a taste of your own juices...
Thanatos: Nmm...!?
Yuuji: What do you think? Tasty?
Thanatos: Nn... hyaah! Hoh't... shuff youh slihy fihgers... ihto muh mou'h...!
Yuuji: Are you giving me orders now, woman? Maybe I should give that tongue of yours a nice little tug...
Thanatos: ...Hon't you d... agah... nhohh... hhyaaaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: ...Man, I've never seen you making such ridiculous expressions before, Kazuki... kind of turns me on, actually...
Thanatos: ...Whah a hully... is pickin' on youh bih sister that mu'h fun...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's a lot more enjoyable than I was expecting... and by the way, this is pretty tame "bullying" by my standards. Amane would probably be begging me to jam my fingers down her throat until she gags, you know?
Thanatos: ...You hon't hab to... tahk ahout Amahe righ' now...
Yuuji: ...Sorry, Nee-chan... your little brother's regularly fucking your best friend. That's just a fact...
Thanatos: Uguh...
Yuuji: Oh...? Your body just twitched a little... feeling a bit vexed, are we?
Thanatos: ...Kuh... Thash noh hrue...
Yuuji: Don't lie to me. Amane's damn good in bed, you know? She lets me do anything I want, and she always enjoys it... lately, I've been fucking her in the ass while churning my fingers around in her pussy. It drives her wild...
Thanatos: ...Nggh... shtop... I donh wa't to heah this... 
Yuuji: Well, I don't want to hear your back-talk, Nee-chan. Time for another yank on that rude little tongue of yours...
Thanatos: ...Afegh... nhoh... agah... ngoh... it hursh, 'uuji...
Yuuji: Let's see now... think you're about ready to let my fingers give you a quick little orgasm, just to get us started?
Thanatos: Nhooh! Nhoh! Ah! Nhaaaaaaah!
Narration: *As I stubbornly press my attack on one of my sister's most sensitive spots, her flushed hips rise up off the bed on their own accord; she begins swaying her waist, guiding my finger to a better position.*
Narration: *Eventually, her whole body begins to tremble violently. And mere moments later, she reaches her first climax of the day.*
Thanatos: Ah... hah... gah... khah... nhoh... oh... ooooogh!
Narration: *Looking down at my sister as she moans in a low voice, fluid squirting vigorously from her vagina... the first thought that comes to mind is "She's so damn cute."*
Narration: *An instant later, the words are slipping out of my mouth.*
Yuuji: ...You're so damn cute, Nee-chan...
Thanatos: ...Heahhy...?
Yuuji: Hm? What was that? Oh, right, sorry... let me get my fingers out of there...
Narration: *I pull my fingers out of my sister's mouth with a wet pop, then push her limp, dangling tongue back inside it.*
Thanatos: ...Really...?
Yuuji: Sorry, really... what?
Thanatos: Am I really... cute...?
Yuuji: Absolutely. You're adorable, Nee-chan.
Thanatos: ...That's a lie... Not even my own mother ever called me "adorable"...
Yuuji: But that did feel really good, right?
Thanatos: ...Y-Yes...
Yuuji: It felt way better than the things we used to do as kids, right?
Thanatos: ...Well... yes...
Yuuji: That's because you're not just getting yourself off this time. I'm actually trying to express my feelings for you... to show how adorable I think you are...
Yuuji: Sex is a hell of a lot more thrilling when both of the people doing it love each other, you know...?
Thanatos: ...Is that... right...?
Yuuji: Your emotions are fluctuating with every word I say... and your body's reacting to everything I do...
Yuuji: You can't even keep yourself under control anymore, can you? Even as we speak, there's more fluid flowing out from deep inside you...
Thanatos: ...Guuh... I'm so embarrassed...
Yuuji: Want to keep going...?
Thanatos: I've had enough foreplay... I don't think I could stand much more. Something inside me is already on the verge of overflowing...
Yuuji: Something... like what?
Thanatos: ...I'm not entirely sure how to describe it... but I'm definitely at my limit, both physically and emotionally...
Narration: *As she murmurs these words, Kazuki's misty gaze slowly moves down to my lower body... and her eyes go wide as saucers.*
Thanatos: ...Y-Yuuji...? Uh... Yuuji-san...?
Yuuji: Yes? What can I do for you, Onee-sama?
Thanatos: Well... there seems to be a rather large, hard object between your legs, pointing menacingly up at the ceiling... what would that be, exactly?
Yuuji: What do you think? It's the very same toy you loved playing with so much in your innocent childhood years, Onee-sama.
Thanatos: ...No... No, no, no no... Surely you must be joking...?
Yuuji: Would you care to take a look for yourself? Just a moment, I'll remove my trousers at once...
Yuuji: ...And here we are. By all means, take a nice long look.
Thanatos: ......
Thanatos: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Okay... is there some reason you're looking back and forth between my penis and my face with an expression of complete disbelief?
Thanatos: ...No, no, no, no. This is all wrong! All wrong, Yuuji!
Yuuji: What's all wrong about it, exactly?
Thanatos: That certainly isn't anything I've ever seen before. The penis I'm familiar with was an adorable little thing with a mild case of phimosis! What on earth is this one? Did you buy it somewhere?
Yuuji: Look, Nee-chan... not to repeat myself here, but I've actually done some growing up since then. This is pretty normal for a guy my age.
Thanatos: ...But... I mean... if you shove something like that into my vagina, it's obviously going to be rather painful.
Yuuji: Well, yeah, it probably will be... but it's smaller than the head of a baby, so I think you'll survive. Anyway, ready to get penetrated?
Thanatos: ......
Thanatos: ...You're joking, surely?
Yuuji: Look me in the eyes, Kazuki.
Thanatos: ...They're serious... alarmingly serious...
Yuuji: I didn't say a word, but my intentions got through to you... brotherly love is a truly powerful force. Anyway, want to spread your legs for me now?
Thanatos: ...Can we do this tomorrow instead...?
Yuuji: You're not going to find many men who'll wait until tomorrow for a woman they can fuck today. 
Thanatos: ...Huh? Wait, you're really going to put it in me?
Yuuji: Well, if you're not interested, I guess I could pay Amane a visit and...
Thanatos: All right! All right! You can put it in me! Your big sister will suffer in silence! Don't go to Amane!
Yuuji: Thanks. I love you, Onee-chan.
Thanatos: ...Just for the record, calling me "Onee-chan" doesn't automatically earn you forgiveness for your misdeeds.
Yuuji: Hm? Right...
Thanatos: Are you even listening to me?
Yuuji: Huh? Oh, sorry... I was focusing on putting my dick inside you, not what you were saying. What's up?
Thanatos: ...Oh, never mind. Go ahead, do whatever you want...
Yuuji: Don't mind if I do... whoops...
Thanatos: Nnngh!! Yaaagh!!
Yuuji: Hm, got it inside you... let's see if I can push in a little further...
Thanatos: It hurts! It really, really hurts! Hold on for a second! This is worse than I was expecting! It hurts more than I can tolerate!
Yuuji: Oh yeah? Feels pretty good for me, though.
Thanatos: ......
Yuuji: What now?
Thanatos: ...Why, you...!!
Yuuji: Yowch!!
Yuuji: Hey, what was that for...?
Thanatos: It's not fair that I'm the only one feeling pain! I'm going to redistribute it evenly!
Yuuji: C'mon, that's just crazy...
Yuuji: ...You know, I think that's the first time you ever hit me in the head like that. Kind of took me by surprise...
Thanatos: ...I suppose you're right... I may have slapped my own mother in the face once, but I never hit you...
Yuuji: ...Wait, you slapped Mom in the face...? When was this?
Thanatos: Well... you remember the time when I went out to dinner with our parents and the owner of a major art gallery? When I came home and found you eating the bread I'd used as an eraser for my charcoal sketches... using tap water to soften it?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Thanatos: That night, I slapped our mother full in the face.
Yuuji: Did you really have to go that far...?
Thanatos: If I hadn't slapped her, our father would have hit her a great deal more violently... I had to step in and visibly "punish" her before he got the chance to do so...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *When a grunt screws up, their NCO might hit them in front of the officers... as a means of protecting them from more severe discipline.*
Narration: *When Kazuki lashed out at our mother like that, even our worthless father would have reflexively stepped in to try and calm things down.*
Thanatos: ...Now I've made you remember something unpleasant... I'm sorry...
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. I'm not going to get turned off that easily... see...?
Thanatos: ...Ouch!
Thanatos: Honestly... your big sister's a rather slender little thing, you know? Why don't you try and make your penis a bit smaller for her sake?
Yuuji: You might be my sister, but you're still a woman. I'm not going to insult you by going soft while my dick's still inside you.
Thanatos: Can you stop twitching it around like that even as you're speaking...?
Yuuji: Do you feel it... going further inside...?
Thanatos: Yes... I'm very aware that there's a part of you inside me... and it makes me happy...
Yuuji: Yeah. It makes me happy too...
Thanatos: ...Does it feel good?
Yuuji: Well... I haven't really moved since I put it inside you, right? If I just started thrusting now, I think I'd come in no time...
Thanatos: ...That's fine... Go ahead and come inside me...
Yuuji: ...But...
Thanatos: It's not like you'll be satisfied with a single round, right...? Don't worry, we can just keep going afterward...
Yuuji: ...Okay then... guess I'll go for it...
Thanatos: Feel free...
Yuuji: # **...Kuh...**
Narration: *Spurred on by the thrilling shock of having penetrated my own sister, I come inside her almost instantly. You'd think I was a virgin or something.*
Thanatos: ...Nnn... your hot come's... pouring into me... there's so much of it...
Yuuji: I'm sorry, Nee-chan...
Thanatos: ...Your body may have grown, but deep down... it seems you're still the adorable little brother I used to know...
Yuuji: No matter how hard I try to change... I guess I'm going to be your "little brother" until the day I die, Nee-chan...
Thanatos: That's quite all right... as long as you're content, that's more than enough for me. I love you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: I... love you too, Nee-chan...
Yuuji: But the thing is...
Thanatos: Don't say anything more right now... please...?
Yuuji: ...Okay...
Narration: *As my semen slowly seeps into my sister's womb, the two of us silently embrace, trying to come to terms with our emotions.*
Narration: *When I was young, I could do sexual things to her without a second thought. But that was only because of the turbulent, childish mess of emotions that were constantly swirling through my head.*
Narration: *I yearned for my older sister's protection, and by extension, I yearned for her.*
Narration: *I was curious, like any young boy might be.*
Narration: *My body was constantly surprising me with fleeting but powerful impulses.*
Narration: *And in the isolation of those early years, I was also desperately lonely.*
Narration: *My sister's body simply provided me with an outlet for my feelings. The things I did with her were basically a form of masturbation.*
Narration: *I don't think Kazuki's motives were that different from mine, either.*
Narration: *She was carrying the weight of unreasonable expectations on her young shoulders, and that gave rise to both irritation and anxiety.*
Narration: *Those feelings, in turn, brought out her sadistic side.*
Narration: *She needed a way to vent her stress.*
Narration: *She needed a way to distract herself from the fact that no one really understood her.*
Narration: *At the end of the day, the reasons we came up with were completely irrelevant.*
Narration: *The two of us simply needed each other. *
Narration: *And now, years later, we've finally been granted the chance to bring each other genuine pleasure.*
Narration: *I'm simply and honestly happy about that.*
Narration: *It's pretty much the only thing I'm feeling right now, actually.*
Narration: *I'm glad I was born as Kazuki's brother.*
Narration: *I'm glad my sister is alive.*
Narration: *With these thoughts swirling through my mind, I have sex with her for hours... reaching climax so many times that I lose count.*
Narration: *Kazuki, for her part, enthusiastically accepts my lust to the very end, taking joy in her ability to do so.*
Narration: *I want to make love to her even more.*
Narration: *I want to make love to her a thousand times.*
Narration: *I don't want this to ever end.*
Narration: *I want my sister more than anything.*
Narration: *And she's willing to become whatever I want her to be.*
Yuuji: ...Nee-chan...
Thanatos: ...Ah... It's all right. Go ahead and come... all the way inside me...
Yuuji: ...Guhh...!!
Thanatos: ...Nn.. ah... aaah... there it is. I can't believe... you still had this much inside you, Yuuji...
Narration: *The intensity of my emotions kept me going long past my limit, but by now I'm too exhausted to give much thought to anything that's happening.*
Narration: *Having dumped one last giant load of semen inside my sister, I pull my hips back, fighting against the clinging walls of her pussy... and with a cute little "pop," my slimy cock finally emerges from inside her.*
Narration: *I bring it over to Kazuki's languid face; and without a word, she begins to lovingly lick our bodily fluids off its steaming hot surface.*
Narration: *You'd almost think we were just a "normal" pair of lovers.*
Narration: *In the end, my sister doesn't let my cock leave her mouth until she's wrung the very last drop of come out of it.*
Narration: *I think...*
Narration: *I think it's possible that in this moment, my sister's vaguely hoping that I'll choose her as my one and only partner, even if I wasn't able to pick any of the others.*
Narration: *Having taken a shower and changed back into her casual clothes, Kazuki returns to the room and broaches the subject directly.*
Thanatos: ...Is there no way you could be satisfied just with having me?
Narration: *She opts to phrase the question in a quiet, casual way, not even trying to guide me to any particular answer.*
Narration: *And the reply I offer, in turn, is probably exactly what she was expecting.*
Yuuji: Thank you, Nee-chan... but I'm sorry... at this point, I don't think I can make a decision like that based on nothing but my personal feelings...
Thanatos: It's all right... I asked the question knowing full well that you'd probably say something like that...
Yuuji: ...I'm sorry...
Thanatos: You don't have to apologize. You're a kindhearted but awkward young man... there's no point pretending otherwise. That's just how my little brother is...
Thanatos: And it's exactly why I adore him as much as I do...
Narration: *―She's really... going out of her way to make this easy for me, I think.*
Narration: *I do feel bad about that. But I'm also grateful for it.*
Narration: *I took every one of these girls by the hand, and I can't bring myself to let any of them go.*
Narration: *If I did, they'd wander off somewhere on their own.*
Narration: *It's not guaranteed that leaving me behind would bring them misfortune, of course.*
Narration: *Their hearts would be deeply scarred, but eventually, they might be able to find a new kind of happiness with someone who isn't me.*
Narration: *But if I use that as an excuse to reject them, I'd be no better than a child who abandons a pet because it's too much trouble to care for it.*
Narration: *There's nothing more selfish than expecting some convenient "kind-hearted person" to show up and absolve you of the consequences of your actions.*

Narration: *―If a giant tuna with human arms and legs deserves the name "Tunafish Man," then a useless jerk who can't even settle on a single woman should probably be "Shithead Man."*
Narration: *From this day forth, Shithead Man is my name.*
Narration: *Yes, I am Shithead Man - the idiot who was too afraid of hurting people to make the decision that he needed to.*
Narration: *I know things shouldn't stay this way; I know I have to find some way to resolve the situation. But I'm still running away from all that. And so, I've more than earned my new name.*
Narration: *My sister, for her part, said: "The normal choice would be to pick one girl and give up on the others. But it's no easy thing to break the hearts of women who threw their lives away for you. If you can't choose, love them all."*
Narration: *At this point, I'm not even sure what the "correct" answer is anymore.*
Narration: *...This tentative, unresolved state of affairs continued for a good six months or so.*
Narration: *But in the end, the day of reckoning came quite suddenly.*
Michiru: Aaah... s'bushed...
Sachi: ...???
Sachi: Hello there, Michiru-sama! Sbushed!♪
Michiru: Uh, I'm really not sure why you're waving at me while cheerfully yelling "sbushed"... that's not, like, the way people say "hello" in some random local language, okay!?
Sachi: Oh? Then what is it, precisely? Perhaps a shark...?
Michiru: Sharks are NOT relevant! Seriously, why does your mind always go there!? You need to get that shark-brain of yours examined!
Sachi: ...You make it sound as if a "shark-brain" might somehow be detrimental. I'm truly astonished.
Sachi: Listen carefully. While mere "maids" are exceptionally commonplace these days, there are no shark-maids to speak of... with the lone exception of myself, Komine Sachi!
Michiru: Okay, whatever... ugh, I'm way too bushed...
Sachi: I see. Michiru-sama is... "too bushed"...
Michiru: Hey, don't jot that down! What the heck are you gonna use those notes for!?
Sachi: Ah, well... I thought I might keep them hidden at my breast as a means of self-defense...
Michiru: Self-defense!? Against what!?
Sachi: Well, mostly sharks.
Michiru: Again with the sharks!? You're actually freaking me out at this point, shark-brain!!
Michiru: ...Uh... Guuuh. Look... I'm super beat right now, so don't make me shout like that... I got a little woozy there for a second...
Sachi: Ah... when you said "bushed," did you perhaps mean to say that you were feeling fatigued?
Michiru: Uh, yeah! Did you seriously just figure that out!?
Sachi: Well... it was only an elementary bit of deduction...
Michiru: What's with the smug great-detective act!? That wasn't a compliment just now, okay!?
Sachi: In any case... You're "bushed," and you want your pal Sachiemon to do something about that. Correct?
Michiru: Yeah, exactly! D'you have a gadget that would make me feel nice and refreshed or something?
Sachi: Yes, yes... you really are quite a handful, Michiru-sama...
Michiru: Huh? Wait, are you actually gonna do something?
Sachi: ...Huh? Oh, no. I was actually planning on half-listening to your complaints while performing maintenance on my fishing gear...
Michiru: Don't "half-listen" to me!! What the heck!? I kinda feel like you're not taking me remotely seriously anymore!
Sachi: Come now, Michiru-sama. Girl-talk is always light and never serious. Much like the relationships it fosters.
Michiru: Okay, now you're dropping unsettling truth bombs in a totally offhand way! You're one hell of a scary shark-maid, y'know that!?!
Sachi: Oh, well, I wouldn't go that far... you're making me blush...
Michiru: I was NOT complimenting you!!!
Michiru: ...Kwah... crap, I'm getting all woozy again... my head's spinning... aah, it's so hot out here...
Sachi: Well, we are in the tropics.
Michiru: ...Hey... Sachi... get me something cold to drink...
Sachi: Ah, but of course. How about something nice and sour?
Michiru: Hmm, sure... I coulda kinda go for a sour drink today, actually...
Sachi: .........
Michiru: What...? Why are you staring at my face like that...?
Sachi: You... actually want something sour...?
Narration: *It was something we'd all feared might happen eventually, of course.*
Michiru: Guh... I feel so lousy... did I eat too much lunch or something...?
Michiru: Bleeeeeeegh...
Makina: Ah man, that's friggin' nasty... yer really committin' yerself to that "designated puker" role, Chiruchiru...
Michiru: Lately, even drinking water makes me kinda queasy... blurp...
Makina: Welp, you've been gulpin' down buckets of it fer ages... it ain't like th' local water just disagrees with you, right? Maybe it's more like, uh... a parasite or somethin'? Ya eaten anything weird off th' ground lately?
Michiru: Of course not!
Makina: Wanna go ask Harudera-sensei fer some medicine? I'll tag along with ya.
Michiru: Hmmm... nah... I'm okay... it usually passes if I just sit still for a while...
Makina: But what if it's the early signs of some freaky disease? C'mon, Chiruchiru, let's go. I'm worried about ya...
Michiru: Makina... *sniffle*... you're so kind to me... even if nobody else is...
Makina: I mean, I totally love ya... And it kinda feels like my favorite pet got sick or somethin'... hang in there, Chiruchiru...
Michiru: Now I'm a PET!?! Arrrgh! I'm so pissed that a part of me actually feels kind of okay with that!!
Makina: Oh, speakin' of medicine... ya ain't been takin' those "ramunes" of yers lately, have ya?
Michiru: Aah... yeah... they're kinda hard to come by, for one thing... and I kinda felt like I was getting by okay even when I didn't take them...
Makina: ...Well, anyhoo, let's go get somethin' for that belly bug of yers. Won't be too embarrassin' if I come along with ya, right?
Michiru: ...Yeah... thanks...
Narration: *When you make a habit of sowing seeds, eventually something's going to sprout.*
Narration: *And, well, I'd been doing a lot of that... so this sort of thing was always a distinct possibility.*
Michiru: Aaah, I'm bushed... I'm so friggin' bushed... it's like, I dunno... my hips kinda hurt... and I feel kinda crappy...
Amane: Uh, Michiruuu... are you okay? You look really pale.
Michiru: I've uh, been better... what the heck is this? I don't even wanna move...
Amane: Your appetite hasn't been very good lately, either... wonder if there's an issue with my cooking...?
Michiru: Nah, that's not it. Everything you make is always really tasty, Amane...
Michiru: You're right, though... I haven't had much of an appetite for a while...
Amane: Wonder if the heat's getting to you...? Uhm, is there anything you wanted to eat recently? I can make it for you...
Michiru: Mm... that's okay... I'm sure I'll feel better soon...
Amane: ...Do you have a parasite...?
Michiru: Okay, that's the second time I've heard that one! I took some medicine just in case, but nothing came out!
Narration: *People sometimes joke about idiots not even realizing that they've caught a cold...*
Narration: *But at the very least, dimwits really can take a while to notice changes to their physical condition.*
Michiru: ...Aaaaaauuuugh...
Yumiko: What's the matter, Matsushima-san? You haven't been very energetic lately...
Michiru: Aah... yeah... I've been... kinda weird lately...
Yumiko: Weird...? In what way? Did you only just realize how strange you are...?
Michiru: Okay, look! I'm perfectly aware that I'm kind of strange! But could you maybe have been a little more diplomatic!? I was talking about how lousy I've been feeling!
Yumiko: ...Did you catch something!?
Michiru: Okay, you don't have to jump away from me like that... it's not like I have some infectious disease or anything!
Yumiko: ...Really...? You're sure it isn't some sort of brain-eating tropical bacteria...?
Michiru: You are SO friggin' rude!
Yumiko: Have you had Harudera-san take a look at you?
Michiru: Aah, sorta... I got some anti-parasite medicine from her, just in case... but I guess that wasn't the issue...
Yumiko: Why don't you go see what Thanatos thinks, then? The woman seems to have crammed plenty of medical textbooks into her head...
Michiru: Hmmm, yeah... there's something else that's been bugging me, too... I guess it couldn't hurt to see what she thinks...
Narration: *And as it happened, the first person on the island to realize the nature of our resident dimwit's "condition" would be none other than Kazami Kazuki.*
Michiru: Heeey, Thanakooo...
Thanatos: Yes? I'm rather busy at the moment, so keep it brief.
Michiru: ...Is there something wrong with me? I've been feeling really weird for a while now...
Thanatos: Hmmm... you don't say...
Michiru: It's, like... I don't have much appetite... and I get nauseous really easily... and my body feels really heavy...
Thanatos: I see. That certainly sounds unpleasant. Have you noticed anything else unusual?
Michiru: Let's see... uhm... the "other" Michiru hasn't been coming out lately...
Thanatos: Right. Well, I think that may just be because you haven't had much to worry about after our arrival at this island.
Michiru: You think...? Is that why my period isn't coming, too?
Thanatos: That's entirely unrelated.
Michiru: Oh, okay...
Thanatos: ...Hm? Hold on a second. I'm sorry, I automatically classified that as "more idiotic nonsense from the bottle-blond" without paying too much attention... would you mind repeating yourself? What isn't coming, exactly...?
Michiru: Uh, like I said... my period...
Thanatos: ...Errrr...
Thanatos: You have no appetite... you're frequently nauseous... your body feels heavy...
Michiru: Yeah... also, the other Michiru hasn't been popping out...
Thanatos: That isn't relevant.
Thanatos: ...So, wait. Your period isn't coming?
Michiru: Yep.
Thanatos: ..."Yep"...? Look, dear... doesn't that mean you're pregnant...?
Michiru: Hweh...?
Narration: *―That's right. As fate would have it, the girl least suited to motherhood got knocked up before anyone else.*
Michiru: Th! Ththththuh!!
Yuuji: Not quite, Michiru. The 20 mm Mauser autocannon makes a far more powerful sound! Like this... THUTHUTHUTHUTHUH!!
Michiru: Nooooo! That's not iiiit!!
Yuuji: It's absolutely true. I can always identify my enemies by the sound of their gunfire alone.
Michiru: No, seriously, listen! Th-This can't be happening, Yuuji! I, I, I, I...!!
Yuuji: Hrm? What now? Are you about to unleash some sort of martial arts barrage?
Michiru: I'm... I'm pregnant!!!
Yuuji: Hrm. I suppose congratulations are in order.
Michiru: It's your freakin' baby, okay!?
Yuuji: Well, yes, of course it is.
Michiru: Why the heck are you so calm about this!?
Yuuji: Because you're panicking.
Yuuji: Listen carefully, Michiru. Under highly stressful conditions, panic can easily spread through the ranks... and therefore, no commanding officer worth his salt ever acts flustered in front of his men.
Yuuji: As long as you're agitated, I'll remain perfectly calm. That's my main responsibility at the moment, don't you think?
Michiru: Aah... guh... that actually sounded kinda manly...
Yuuji: Fear not! Even if you give birth to a thousand children, I won't be flustered in the slightest!!
Michiru: Uhm... is it just me, or are you actually freaking out right now...?
Yuuji: That's CERTAINLY not the case, I assure you!!
Michiru: ...Yuuji... what time is it right now...?
Yuuji: What? Hold on a second... mm... damnit... I can see the display of my watch just fine, but I can't read the time! What's the meaning of this!?!
Michiru: Okay, take a few deep breaths...
Makina: Chiruchiru! Is it true!? Are ya preggers!?
Michiru: W-We don't know that for sure yet! Thanako just said I might be, that's all!
Amane: Uh, okay... have you guys been using protection, though...?
Michiru: Er... Uhm, w-well...
Sachi: Well, if you go at it like a pair of deranged monkeys for months without even taking any precautions, of course someone's going to get pregnant...
Michiru: Hey, we weren't "going at it" THAT often! And c'mon! It's not like any of you guys really used protection either, right!?
Amane: I always did, actually. What about you, Makina?
Makina: Yeah, same here. Ama-nee was always lecturin' me about usin' condoms... I got really friggin' good at slippin' those suckers on him with my mouth, ya know?
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait, no way... what about you, Sachi!?
Sachi: For my part, I've been using the contraceptives that Harudera-san gave us.
Michiru: What the heck!? She didn't give anything like that to me!
Sachi: Yes she did.
Sachi: You do remember that time we had a girls-only health class, don't you? She gave each of us twelve pills...
Michiru: ...Wait... those were contraceptives...? They were in a pretty little box, so I thought they were candy or something... I sorta stashed them away for later...
Sachi: And then... forgot all about them once they were out of sight...?
Michiru: Yeah... I forgot...
Sachi: ...I imagine you didn't even bother to figure out your "safe days" and menstrual cycle, did you?
Michiru: C'mon, I don't even know how to figure that stuff out!
Sachi: ...Did you listen to a single word of what Harudera-san told us in class...?
Michiru: Of course I did! She told us Yuuji's nipples are actually super sensitive, right!? I was listening to that stuff!
Sachi: Why are her lewd digressions the only part you remember...?
Michiru: Yumiko! What about you!? Did you actually learn all that stuff!?
Yumiko: Of course I did. Please don't assume I'm anything like you.
Yumiko: I've been keeping track on my computer, and restricting our sexual activity to my safe days.
Yumiko: ...Well... except when he's really desperate, I suppose... but we always, uh... use protection in that case... right...?
Yuuji: Not sure what I'm expected to add here... but yeah, Sakaki's definitely scrupulous about that stuff.
Michiru: ...No way... am I seriously... the only dimwit in the room...?
JB: Matsushima-san. I hear you may be pregnant?
Michiru: Harudera-sensei... what should I dooo...?
JB: Good grief... did this have to happen while the principal's away on business...? I'd rather not be accused of negligent supervision...
Michiru: Aauuugh...
JB: In any case, I brought a pregnancy test with me, so let's make absolutely sure. Do you know how to use this?
Michiru: ...Nyope...
JB: I'm sorry, Amane-chan... would you mind going to the bathroom with her and showing her what to do?
Amane: Oh. Sure, of course...
Makina: I'll tag along too, ya know!? I wanna see what them pregnancy test thingies are like!
Amane: Come on, Michiru. Let's go.
Michiru: Aaugh... I don't wanna... I'm scaaared...
Makina: Aw, quit yer belly-achin', there's nothin' scary about it. C'mon, march!
JB: ...Seems you were careless, Yuuji.
Yuuji: I had the feeling this day would come sooner or later... I'm not particularly surprised, I guess.
JB: Your sister's a bit angry, you know?
Yuuji: I see...
JB: She isn't upset about the fact that you got someone pregnant, just to be clear. She's upset that you made your decision in such a cowardly way.
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: What do you mean by that...?
JB: Essentially, the man couldn't bring himself to choose any of you... so he decided to just marry the first one who got pregnant. Isn't that right, Yuuji?
Sachi: Wait, is that true!?
Yuuji: I'll take responsibility for my actions!!
JB: Oh, stop trying to make this sound "honorable." You just let random chance make the decision for you.
Yuuji: It's true. I'm a no-good piece of trash... feel free to call me Shithead Man... 
Yuuji: That said, I've been prepared for this possibility for some time. And I'm going to do the responsible thing.
Yumiko: ...Huh? So, what... Matsushima-san just wins, then...? Was this an "early bird gets the worm" situation!?
Yuuji: Well, I'm pretty much obliged to marry Michiru and help raise our child at this point, right?
Sachi: Aah... well, I suppose that's just the way the cookie crumbles.
Sachi: It's unfortunate that Michiru-sama got her licks in first... but I'll make sure it's my turn next.
Yuuji: Hm? Uh... I don't think that's how this works, Sachi...
Sachi: Whatever do you mean?
Yuuji: Okay... why do you look so completely nonplussed...?
Sachi: Well, once you've married Michiru-sama, surely you can marry me as well. If you're willing to wed her, of all people, what reason could you possibly have not to do the same for me?
Yuuji: ...Okay, this is a problem... where the hell do I even start?
Yumiko: Stop staring hopefully in my direction, please.
JB: Why don't you just give in and marry all of them?
Yuuji: Oh, come on. That's completely insane...
Yuuji: I mean, would you put up with something like that, Sakaki?
Yumiko: Well... hmm... compared to settling the matter in such an abrupt and random fashion, bigamy might actually seem rather tolerable...
Yuuji: ...Et tu, Brute...?
Yumiko: I really don't think this warrants the Julius Caesar act.
JB: Honestly, though... all the girls on this island stuck around on the assumption things would play out that way, right?
Yuuji: Wait, is that true?
Sachi: I believe I've stated as much multiple times.
Yumiko: S-So did I...! How many times did I tell you... I was only staying here because of you!? Did you think that was some kind of joke!?
Yuuji: But, I mean... you were hoping I'd choose you in the end, right?
Yumiko: Well, yes... but under these circumstances, we're all aware that's too much to hope for...
Sachi: Exactly right. Rather than second-guessing yourself endlessly, why not find a way to choose all of us?
Yuuji: That's a tempting suggestion, but... it might be a bit challenging to support five families at once...
Yumiko: Money wouldn't be an issue, I assure you. I can earn as much as we need.
Yuuji: I kind of thought I was past my "sponging off women" phase by now, you know...? I'd really like to earn enough to buy my kids their milk...
JB: Well, you could always start up a survival training camp for special forces soldiers out here.
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess... I'll give that some thought...
JB: ...I suppose I shouldn't really be surprised... but just as your sister predicted, you've grown up into one hell of a heartbreaker...
JB: Maybe this outcome... was part of her "paradise" plan from the start...
Yuuji: Hm? You say something?
JB: Sorry, just talking to myself...
Makina: Ahooooy! We got ourselves a verdict, ya know!?
Yuuji: What, you're done already? That was fast...
Makina: Just had ta dunk the thing in her urine an' wait fer a minute! Quicker than makin' instant ramen!
Yuuji: So... what was the result?
Makina: Eggs-tremely positive! Ya knocked her up good, my man!
Yuuji: I see...
Yuuji: So where are Michiru and Amane now?
Makina: Aah, right. Chiruchiru's super depressed right now, so Ama-nee's doin' her best ta comfort her.
Yuuji: She's depressed...?
Makina: Ah, look. They're comin' over now, see?
Michiru: Uuu... uuuuuuugh... w-what do we do...? I really am pregnant...
Yuuji: Like I said, that's something to celebrate.
Michiru: But... we're talking about a baby here, okay...? I can't do this...
JB: Don't worry. We'll have a hospital on the main island take a look at you, and I can arrange for you to give birth in their maternity ward. You're going to be fine.
Michiru: T-That's not what I'm saying...
Michiru: I mean... this is me we're talking about, okay...? Do you seriously think I'm cut out to be a MOM...? Sorry, no... there's no way I can do this... help me, "Michiru"...
Yuuji: It's all right, I'm here for you. There's nothing to worry about. Just focus on giving birth to a healthy baby...
Amane: See? I told you so. Yuuji's not angry at all...
Yumiko: And of course, neither are any of us... It was perfectly predictable that this might happen. You just happened to be the first to get pregnant...
Sachi: I do hope you give birth to a fat and healthy child. I'll have to practice my diaper-changing technique.
Michiru: ...No, no... that's not what I meant... you understand, don't you, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: Care to elaborate?
Michiru: I mean... this is my child, okay...? It's going to inherit my genes... and that really scares me. Isn't it... the same for you, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: ...So that's what this is about...
Michiru: Should I really give birth to this baby...? Can any child with ME for a parent... possibly be happy...?
Narration: *To be sure... I know where she's coming from.*
Narration: *The idea that our child might be "destined" from birth to endure the same sort of things we have might not be rational. But it's definitely unnerving.*
Narration: *And what's more, this kid's got me and Michiru for parents... if it's a boy, he might well turn out to be a moronic, airheaded womanizer with no redeeming traits except his skill with a knife and rifle.*
Narration: *But even so... I'd like to think that kid would also inherit some of our toughness... the ability to take whatever life throws at him...*
Narration: *I don't care if he's a moron, a fool, or a gutless coward...*
Narration: *As long as he's got some strength at his core, I'll teach him new things little by little.*
Narration: *As a little kid, just being quick on your feet is good enough... but when he grows up a bit, I'll show him how to fight... and a little later, I'll teach him how to enjoy books.*
Narration: *That's all you really need to make a decent man.*
Narration: *Well... if it's a girl instead... hrm. I guess I'd start off by taking baths with her or something? Might as well think the matter over at length while savoring my good fortune...*
Yuuji: Hrm... allow me to repeat myself. You're going to be fine. I'm here for you, and there's nothing to worry about.
Michiru: Uuugh... but... buuut... I just... don't think I'm cut out to be a mom...
Narration: *Well... I guess this is all happening pretty damn quickly...*
Narration: *I'd been prepared for the possibility... but from Michiru's perspective, she's had the responsibility of "motherhood" dropped on her shoulders out of nowhere. It's not surprising that she's having trouble coming to terms with that.*
Narration: *At times like these, it's crucial that I provide her with the support she needs...*
Narration: *But as I'm pondering my next move, Makina suddenly flies off the handle.*
Makina: Ya dumb sonnuvabitch!
Michiru: Aaugh!
Narration: *Like a boxer leaping forward at the sound of the gong, she rushes up to Michiru and promptly smacks her in the face.*
Narration: *Having observed all this, Sachi proceeds to make a calm observation...*
Sachi: She's not the "son" of anyone, Maki-chan.
Narration: *And for some reason, this gentle comment causes Makina to trip spectacularly over her tongue...*
Makina: Bumb donnuvasitch!!
Narration: *Tilting her head slightly, Sachi offers another rejoinder...*
Sachi: Now I'm not even sure what you're attempting to say, Maki-chan.
Narration: *Clearly frustrated by her inability to express her irritation in words, Makina finally gives up entirely...*
Makina: Owaaaaagh!
Narration: *I'm not entirely sure what that's supposed to mean, but Sachi seems to sympathize with her feelings.*
Sachi: ...Are you crying, Maki-chan?
Makina: What th' heck, Chiruchiru!? What's wrong with you!? A kid's a friggin' blessing! Why can't ya just be happy about it!?
Michiru: ...M-Makina...
Makina: Givin' birth to a baby means... yer gonna be a mother, okay!? Try actin' like one!! What the heck is a kid supposed ta do if their own mom doesn't even love them!?
Makina: Do ya have any clue how it feels ta grow up without any love from your mom!? Don't ya even understand what Yumi-chan and Onii-chan and I went through!?
Makina: Where d'you get off sayin' ya can't do this!? Ya got some guts to spout that crap in front of me! What a freakin' joke!!
Michiru: Agh... but I... I... *Hic*...
Makina: Don't start cryin'!! I understand! Becomin' a mother is a scary friggin' thing! But even so... ya gotta find some love in yer heart! Please, that's all I'm askin'... ya gotta hold on to that!
Makina: I mean, if ya can't... then what the heck... is that poor kid s'pposed ta doooo!?! Waaaaaaaaaaah!
Sachi: ...It's all right, Maki-chan...
Sachi: This happened very suddenly, so Michiru-sama was a bit taken aback... that's all. Isn't that right, Michiru-sama? 
Michiru: ...Y-Yeah... I, uh... I'm sorry... I wasn't really thinking about anyone but myself...
Amane: Well, anyway, I don't think there's any need to worry yourself grey about this. We've got plenty of girls on this island, and we're all ready and willing to help out... Right, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: ...Huh? Oh, yes... of course... I've got plenty of cash, if you need it.
Amane: Uh, okay... you know, I feel like we were just on the verge of wrapping this discussion up in a nice, sentimental way... did you really have to add your money into the mix?
Yumiko: ...Well, unlike you, I'm afraid I won't be much help as a wet nurse...
Amane: I'm not constantly lactating, dammit!!
Yuuji: Well, in any case... I guess there's something I should have said before I tried to reassure you...
Yuuji: Thank you for bearing my child, Michiru...
Michiru: Uh... you're thanking me...?
Yuuji: That's right. It's the first thing I should have said to you... and our child. Thank you both...
Amane: True enough... let's make sure they grow up into a kid that knows how to say "thanks"...
Michiru: Yeah... I'll say it too. Thank you...
Michiru: Thank you so much, everyone...
Narration: *―Michiru's mild panic attack was followed by Makina's impulsive "punishment." It was an emotional, eventful night... but in the end, cooler heads prevailed.*
Narration: *The awkward smile on Michiru's face couldn't completely disguise her anxiety in the days and weeks that followed, but by the time her belly started to visibly swell, she seemed to have come to terms with the situation.*
Narration: *Once her sizable belly rendered her all but immobile, she spent several leisurely months ordering the island's other women around like a queen while reclining in the shade and feasting on tropical fruits.*
Narration: *―And at long last, the big day arrived.*
Amane: You really did it, huh...? Oh man, she's soooo cute...♪ Look, Kazuki! Isn't she adorable?
Thanatos: The girl's my niece. Of course she's adorable.
Makina: Daaang... she's so tiny and squishy and stuff, man!
Michiru: Mm... I don't think she can see yet, though... she starts crying right away unless someone's holding her...
Sachi: Have you tried holding her yet, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Yeah, but she really hates it... I guess the smell of gunpowder and blood doesn't appeal to babies, huh?
Yumiko: I think you were probably just holding her wrong. Either that, or she finds the scent of a voracious womanizer somewhat frightening...
Yuuji: What...? Do I actually smell...?
Yumiko: Don't worry about it. I was just being spiteful.
Michiru: Well then, Yumiko... you wanna try holding her?
Yumiko: ...Huh? W-What, me? No thank you... I'm afraid I'd drop her...
Michiru: You'll be fine. Here, make sure to support her head, okay?
Yumiko: No, no!! I'm all right, thanks!! Stop it!! I'm scared!!
Amane: She's not gonna bite, you know.
Yumiko: I'm not scared of the BABY! No! Wait, don't push her on me! She's going to fall!
Michiru: C'mon, just hold her nice and close...
Yumiko: ...Whaah...
Makina: What th' heck was that, Yumi-chan...?
Yumiko: W-What should I do...? She's making this blub-blub sound, and there are little white bubbles coming out of her mouth!
Michiru: Oh, uhm, that's just my milk... would you mind wiping her face clean?
Sachi: Would a tissue be all right?
Michiru: Ah, right... we've got some baby wipes here. Just use those.
Yumiko: ...Uh... she really is incredibly soft and squishy... and her skin's so lovely, too...
Michiru: Yeah, she's pretty fair-skinned. Wonder if she got that from me?
Yuuji: We'll see. I think most babies come out looking that way.
Sachi: However... her hair seems to be black, doesn't it?
Michiru: Okay, look... I just bleach my hair, remember...? It would have been pretty shocking if I somehow had a blond child...
Thanatos: Come to think of it... my parents once told me that their jaws dropped when I was born. I had pure white hair even as an infant...
Makina: I mean... yer eyes are red too, Thana-nee. I think anyone woulda been kinda surprised...
Yumiko: Okay, enough! Please just take the baby back! She's adorable, but this is making me very nervous!
Michiru: Fine, fine. Come to mama...
Sachi: ...Baboo...
Michiru: I was NOT talking to you!
Sachi: It was merely a charming jest, I assure you.
Michiru: Great. No more of that, please.
Amane: I gotta say, though... isn't this gonna be a problem for you down the line, Sakaki-san? Like, when you have a baby of your own?
Yumiko: ...Uh... I-I'll get used to it eventually... I'm sure it won't be an issue...
Yuuji: Interesting. Maybe I should get you pregnant next, Sakaki.
Yumiko: ...Wha...!? Are you really deciding things that casually!?
Thanatos: Indeed, we can't have that. As I keep reminding you, you need to ask me for permission before you go impregnating anyone else.
Thanatos: I swear, why does this boy always feel the need to sneak off and do naughty things behind his loving sister's back...?
Thanatos: He's been like this ever since he was a child, I'm afraid. Komine Sachi... I'm sure he did unspeakable things to you in the shadows of that playground, didn't he?
Sachi: Aah... you were aware, Onee-sama...? Yes, it's true... I remember holding up my skirt, blushing fiercely, as Yuu-kun looked up at me with shining eyes...
Yuuji: Stop spewing oddly plausible lies with a perfectly straight face, woman! I didn't do a thing to you!
Sachi: When I close my eyes... I can see him vigorously firing off all sorts of things... and I'm not just talking about his shoes...
Yuuji: This did NOT happen!
Yuuji: ...Anyway, I think I have the right to choose the women I sleep with, at least. Don't see what I'd need your permission for, Nee-chan...
Thanatos: Oh heavens, when did you turn into such a terrible reprobate? You used to let me make all your decisions for you...
Makina: Aah, speakin' of decisions... ya got a name fer this here baby yet?
Yuuji: No. Michiru said she'd choose one herself, so I haven't given it much thought. Did you make up your mind yet, Michiru?
Michiru: Hmm... well... I kind of like the sound of "Michiru," actually...
Amane: Huh? Wait, you want to give your daughter your own name? That sounds confusing.
Michiru: ...Right, yeah. I guess I really need to think up something better...
Michiru: But what kind of name should we go for...?
Makina: Hrrm... welp, ya could always just jam "Michiru" and "kodomo" together! How's about "Michiko"?
Michiru: That's not bad, but names that end with "ko" feel kind of boring and old-fashioned these days...
Yumiko: ...Kindly apologize to me and my parents.
Michiru: Oh, right... sorry, Yumiko. I didn't mean anything by it...
Makina: Hmm, yeah, "ko" names are definitely kinda lame... I mean, "Yumiko" sounds so dorky that I started callin' her "Yumi-chan" instead...
Yumiko: Wait, that was your reason!?
Makina: And fer another thing, what kanji are ya gonna use for "Michiko"? Th' ones from "full" and "child," probly? People are totally gonna misread that as Mank―
Amane: Gaaaaah!! Hey! Don't say another word!
Makina: Uh, yeah, right. Look, I always hated havin' a name that sorta sounds like "vagina," ya know? Wouldn't wanna see th' kid suffer a similar fate... just say no ta "Michiko."
Michiru: Hmm, dang... now that I'm actually thinking about this, it's actually pretty tough to decide...
Thanatos: ...Would you like me to think up a name for her?
Michiru: Huh? You want to decide, Thanako...?
Thanatos: Well, the girl is my niece... and naming her would be one way of formally signalling my acceptance of her into the family, don't you think?
Michiru: Hmm, yeah... that might be kind of nice. Would you mind helping us out?
Thanatos: ...Ichiru...
Amane: Huh? Wait, what? Is that her name? You're just taking the "M" from Michiru...?
Thanatos: That's right. "Ichiru," written with the kanji from "a ray of hope." it suggests a single thread of light... one that will guide us into the future. And it's also got a character from "Kazuki" in it, by the way.
Michiru: Yeah, that sounds good!
Yuuji: Hey, hold on! Doesn't the father get a say in this!?
Michiru: Uh, no. If I let you decide, you'd probably end up naming her "National Defense" or "Eternal Patriotism" or something equally stupid...
Yuuji: You're still holding a grudge against me for that photo booth incident, aren't you...?
Sachi: Ichiru-sama, is it...? I'll have to pronounce it carefully, since it's so similar to "Michiru-sama"...
Makina: Welp, their initials are I and M, sooo... we could always call 'em "India" and "Mike" ta avoid confusion! Phonetic-alphabet style!
Yumiko: In any case... it seems we've found another thread of light to guide us forward...
Thanatos: That's exactly right...
Narration: *     Leaving our airtight academy behind,  we fought our way out here together―*
Narration: *     And we thought we'd accomplished something in doing so.*
Narration: *     But in the end,  we'd only traded in a sealed school campus  for an equally isolated tropical island.*
Narration: *     That said... A new life's just appeared within our  self-contained little world.*
Narration: *     Nobody yet knows what the future might hold for the baby  that was born on this island.*
Narration: *     But as of this moment,  I think we're truly going to start moving forward...*
Narration: *     And as long as we know that,  we can give each new day everything we've got...*

Narration: *―I'm not sure exactly where I read this, but apparently the favorite phrase of most office workers in their 40s is "Ugh, I'm so tired."*
Narration: *In the military, of course, complaining about how "beat" you are or how "boring" your job is will earn you a smack in the face... and quite possibly a furious order to go run laps around your base.*
Narration: *But even so, after being subjected to the exhausting antics of two younger girls, I find myself seeking out some soothing sympathy from an older woman.*
Narration: *―Suou Amane, to be specific.*
Narration: *In the end, I always seem to end up leaning on her.*
Narration: *I wonder what kind of look I had on my face as I walked up to the palm-leaf hut where she was getting dinner ready?*
Narration: *It might not have been so different from the shell-shocked expression of a soldier who's endured days upon days of aerial bombings crouched down in a muddy trench.*
Narration: *I ended up grabbing Amane by the hand as she was cutting up some colorful fish whose name I'm not even sure of. Startled, she said "careful, I'm holding a knife;" but when I pulled her forcefully away, she didn't object.*
Narration: *Hear me out, Amane.*
Narration: *I'm... a little worn out right now.*
Narration: *There's a whole lot of uncertainty swirling around inside of me.*
Narration: *And I've had more than a few strange "encounters" lately.*
Narration: *Without any clear chain of thought, I rambled on and on, letting out my feelings in bits and pieces. And Amane just listened - quietly and attentively.*
Yuuji: ...I mean, can you believe that?
Amane: Oh, geez. That must have been rough, Yuuji...
Yuuji: No kidding...
Amane: I mean, you're more of a top than a bottom. It can't have been that enjoyable, right?
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Amane: Huh? You do like raping people more than being raped, right?
Yuuji: Uh, I don't really "like" either option...
Amane: Heck, I'll let you rape me if you want. I sure wouldn't mind a little sexual assault if it's coming from you.
Yuuji: Amane, my friend... are you feeling all right...?
Amane: Aah... Still, it would probably hurt if you jammed it in before I'm wet, right? Hmm, yeah... that might be kind of unpleasant...
Yuuji: Listen to me, will you?
Amane: Gimme one minute... no, thirty seconds! I'll get myself wet by imagining you doing unspeakable things to me... hrrrrrmmm...
Yuuji: I said listen to me, woman!
Amane: Gyowww!!
Yuuji: Not to repeat myself, but... I don't enjoy getting raped OR raping people in the slightest.
Amane: Huh...? Really?
Yuuji: Why do you look so damn surprised...?
Yuuji: I mean, I knew you were a hardcore masochist, Amane... but this is just ridiculous...
Amane: Well, once we've tried everything from lovey-dovey sex to rapey roleplay, I can offer you exactly what you're feeling like at any given time, you know?
Amane: Figured it'd be a good way to get you hopelessly addicted to fucking me.
Yuuji: You're a total pervert, Amane...
Amane: ...Do you have a problem with perverts?
Yuuji: Not really, but... I'm kind of sick of getting molested by women...
Amane: Okay then... why don't you have your way with me, Yuuji?
Amane: You want this sexy, tanned body...? These firm but soft breasts...? These dick-sucking lips...? This nice tight pussy...?
Amane: Well, they're all available for your use... whenever you want, however you want...
Yuuji: You always put my needs first, don't you...?
Amane: Of course I do... I love you a whole lot, remember?
Yuuji: In that case... I guess I'll give you what you clearly want...
Amane: Oooh! It's Yuuji's cock!
Yuuji: Not sure why you're so fired up about seeing a penis...
Amane: Because it's YOUR penis, of course!
Amane: Wait... er, what? Uhm, Yuuji-san?
Yuuji: What is it?
Amane: Is there a reason you've grabbed hold of my hands and pinned them over my head?
Yuuji: I'm going to give you what you want, remember?
Amane: Hm? What I want...?
Yuuji: Since you're obviously a hopeless masochist... I thought you might enjoy being bullied a little.
Amane: Hmmm? I dunno if just holding my hands down really qualifies as "bullying" in my book...
Yuuji: Oh yeah? What if I just sit here, instead of sticking my dick in your mouth?
Amane: Huh...?
Yuuji: You want to suck my dick, but I'm not going to let you... That's basically torture for you, isn't it?
Amane: Hnngh...! Nngh! T-The cock's too far away! It's right in front of my face, but... nnnngh! I just can't reach it...
Amane: In that case... hwah...! Hweh! Nnh!
Amane: Guuuh... oh man, I can't even reach it with my tongue...
Yuuji: Seems like you're beginning to understand the situation.
Amane: Uuugh... Yuuji's cock is right in front of me, but he's not letting me have it... This is too cruel...
Yuuji: Hrm... In that case, I guess I'll let you have just a little.
Amane: Nnm... Hey, that doesn't count. You're just shoving it up against my cheek...
Amane: If you're gonna give it to me, then put it in my mooouth...
Yuuji: I don't know... just rubbing my cock against your cheek feels pretty good, Amane...
Amane: Well, okay, I do see a little precome leaking out... but this can't really be enough for you, right?
Amane: I'll give you the suckity-suck or lickity-lick... I'll do anything you want, Yuuji... so please, let me have your cock...
Yuuji: What, do you want it that badly...?
Amane: Yeah... I want it really, really badly...
Yuuji: Okay then. Just a little.
Amane: Woohoo! Hah, hah, hah, hah...
Yuuji: Look at you, panting with your mouth wide open... are you a dog now...?
Yuuji: ...Want some cock, girl?
Amane: Woof!
Yuuji: Alright then... here it comes.
Amane: *Slurrrp*! *Sluuurp*, *smack*! *Shlrrrrp*...!
Yuuji: Nwoh!?
Amane: Ahn! Why'd you pull it out?
Yuuji: Oh, sorry. You started off at full throttle there... felt better than expected, so I moved back reflexively.
Amane: Uhm, I know you said "just a little"... but that's not gonna be it, right?
Yuuji: Hrm, good question...
Yuuji: Might be fun to see if I can get off just by rubbing my cock against your cheek, honestly...
Amane: Don't be a tease, Yuuji... I want cooock...
Yuuji: Heh, I'm getting your cheeks all wet with my precome and your saliva... that's pretty hot...
Yuuji: ...I should spread it around a little lower, too.
Amane: Nnm... C'mooon, stop doodling on my face with your dick...
Yuuji: Sorry, guess I took that one a little bit too far. I'll make it up to you... one cock, coming right up.
Amane: Woof!
Amane: *Glrp*, *slrp*, *slurp*, *slurrrrp*...! *Smack*, *smack*, *sluuuurp*, *suck*, *smack*! Nngh, nnglrp... *slurp*, *smack*!
Yuuji: I have to say, Amane... Never seen anyone suck dick quite as desperately as this...
Amane: *Sluuurp*, *smaaack*... well, I hon't know 'hen you're honna star' heasing me ahain... *slrrrrp*... so I gohha suck while th' sucking's good... *sluuuurp*!
Amane: *Glrrph*, *slurp*, *smack*, *smack*... huh? Waih... is thih a tuhn-off, 'aybe? Shouh I tohe it dowh froh suhhity-sugg to suhhity-wugg?
Yuuji: No need for that. I'm definitely enjoying this...
Amane: Ohay then, I'll keeb hoin' all-ouh... mm, *smack*, *smack*, *glurrph*! *Slurrrp*, *sllllrp*! *Smack*, *slrp*, *glrph*, *shluuuurp*!!
Yuuji: ...!
Amane: Nhah, I felt that... didja like it when I sucked youh cock reahhy hard?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Amane: Ohay theh, I'll do ih ahain... *Shllllurp*! *Slurp*, *shamck*, *sluuuuurp*! *Shmack*! *Slrrrp*!
Yuuji: Kuh! You know... I'm kind of impressed that you noticed my reaction...
Amane: *Slurp*, *slrp*, *shmack*... of couhse I nohiced... I know eherythin' abouh youh dick, Yuuji...
Amane: *Smack*, *smaaack*... *shluurp*... Foh ehample... Youh cock's as har' as eveh... *smack*, nnnh, but thehe's noh as much... *slurp*... precome tohay...
Yuuji: ...Okay then, hold on for a minute. I'll make more for you.
Amane: Nnn... Nooo! Stob movin' youh waist back... youh cock's honna slip ouh...! nnnh! Nnm! Nngh...!
Yuuji: No point squeezing your mouth down like that. My cock's so wet with your saliva, it'll slip out easily enough.
Amane: Ohay theh, I'll juh hafta make you come befohe it escapes... Nngh! *Slurp*, *slurp*... *slrrp*, *sluuuuurp* *slurp*! *Smack*! *Slurp*, *smack*, *sluuurp*... *slrrrp*...!
Yuuji: You want my semen that badly?
Amane: Nnghph... nn, yeeesh... *smack*, *smack* *smaaack*... I wanh you to squirh thah whole thih load of se'en righ' into my mou'h... *Smaaack*, *slrp*, *sluuurp*!
Yuuji: Hrm. Since you insist, I guess I'll come in your mouth.
Amane: Woohoo! Okay, I'll gib you lotsh of suckity-suck lickity-lick blowity-blow!
Yuuji: I'm not entirely positive what that means, but... sure.
Amane: *Blrp*, *slurrph*! Nngh, *smack*, *smack*! *Slurp*, *shlurp*! *Sluuuuurp*... *smack*! *Smack*! *Smack*, *slurp*, *slurp*, *slrrp*!
Amane: *Shluuuuuurp*...! Th' precome's gehhing thihher... *slrp*, *smack*, *slrrrp*! An' youh penish is reahhy hard... are you honna come?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Amane: *Shlrp*, *shlrp*, *schlorp*, *shluuurp*...! You be'her not... *slrpp*, *smack*... puhh it out at the lasht sehond or anything, ohay?
Yuuji: Don't worry, I won't.
Amane: Gph, *sluuurp*, *slrrrrrp*! Glrrph, nnnh! *Smack*, *slrrrp*! *Slurp*! *Smack*!
Yuuji: Here it comes, Amane...
Amane: Nnngh, *sluuuurp*... nhaaah, g'wan, come... *kiss*, *shluuuuurp*...!
Amane: Pump my whole mouth full... *smack*, *slrp*, *smack*... of that thick, juicy come...!
Amane: Nnngh! Nnkh, nnkh... nn, nnn... hrrnh... nnn... *slrrp*...
Yuuji: You don't have to push your head forward like that... doesn't it hurt?
Amane: Nngh... mmm... I'm fine, Yuuji... all your semen hit my uvula... nkh... and then flowed right down my throat... it felt so good... 
Yuuji: Okay, you're too masochistic for your own good...
Amane: *Shluuuuurp*... *slurp*... *smack*... you think so? It was kinda painful, but feeling that hot stuff pumping all the way down my throat was totally worth it...
Yuuji: ...If you say so.
Amane: *Smack*, *nchrp*... huh? You don't get the appeal?
Yuuji: Not in the slightest...
Amane: Aw, too bad... *slrrp*... *slurp*... *shluuuuurp*...!
Yuuji: How long are you planning to keep sucking on that thing, anyway? Pretty sure you've gotten everything that was left inside it by now.
Amane: Hm? Yeah, I know.
Yuuji: Okay... then why are you still sucking it?
Amane: Kinda thought I could go for a second helping... *sluuuurp*... *smack*, *smack*, *kiss*...
Yuuji: *Sigh*... you're one greedy woman, you know that...?
Amane: Oooh!? Are you gonna give me more semen!?
Yuuji: You've been sucking on that thing non-stop from the moment I came... can't very well call it a day now...
Amane: Woohoo! *Shlurp*, *slrp*, *sluuuuurp*...! *Smack*, *smack*, *slrp*, *shmack*! *Shmack*, *slurp*, *slrp*! *Slrp*! *Slurp*! *Smack*!
Yuuji: ...!
Amane: Nhehe. I neher gabe you a chance to ho limp... so youh cock's reahhy sensihive right how, huh...? *Shhhlurp*, *shlrp*, *sluuuurp*!
Amane: Nhaah... I tasted a little semen just now... *slurp*, nmm... is there still some left back there? Can't let it go to waste... I'll suck it all outta you...
Yuuji: Just how much do you love semen, anyway...?
Amane: About as much as I love you, Yuuji. *Smack*, nngh, *sluurp*! *Glrrp*, *shluurp*... *shmack*! *Slrp*, *slurp*, *glurp*!
Yuuji: Hey... that ranking's kind of hurtful...
Amane: *Smack*, *slurp*, *sluuurp*... it'sh not lihe I "ranked" you or any'hing... *slrp*, *slurp*, *sluuurp*... I'm jusht ekshpresshing how muh affehtion I feeh...
Yuuji: What the hell does that even m... guh...!
Amane: *Shlurp*... *shlrp*, npph... ah, are you honna come? *Smack*, *slurp*, *sluuurp*, *smack*! *Slrp*, *slurp*! *Shlurp*! *Slrp*, *slurp*! *Sluuurp*!
Amane: *Smack*, *slrrrrp*, *smack*! *Smack*! *Shlllrp*!
Amane: Gimme another big load of your hot semen, Yuuji... *Shlrpp*! *Shlurp*! *Glrrph*! *Slrp*! *Slrp*! *Sluuurp*!
Yuuji: Guh!
Amane: Kya!
Amane: Aah, your come's going all over my face... what a waste... ah... ah...
Yuuji: Hm? Why are you moving your face around with your mouth wide open...?
Amane: I'm trying to get as much of your semen as I can in my mouth...
Yuuji: Hrm... why don't I help you out a little, then?
Amane: Help me out...? What d'you... nngh! Ahhhn... why are you pushing your dick against my face like that...?
Yuuji: Just rubbing out the last bit of come right around your mouth...
Amane: You coulda just pushed it back into my mouth, you know...
Yuuji: Ah, true... I was trying to be thoughtful, but I guess you didn't want it on your cheeks?
Amane: Nah, I'll take it. I'll definitely take it!
Amane: Nnmm... nf... nnn...! Only a little bit of your come's... nngh... trickling into my mouth...
Yuuji: I could always fuck your mouth one more time, if you really want.
Amane: Hmm, that's a really attractive proposal... but I think my pussy's really screaming for some attention at this point...
Yuuji: Got it.
Amane: Aaahn!♪ You got all the way to the back in one stroke!
Amane: You just came twice in a row, but your cock's still really hard... I can feel it spreading me open!
Yuuji: You sound pretty pleased about that...
Amane: Well, of course I am! It isn't every day I get to have sex with you, Yuuji!
Amane: ...Okay then, how do you wanna do this? Should I move? Or do you want to thru... uh, wait a second. Why are you grabbing my hands?
Amane: You know... I think something like this happened just a little while ago, too. Is this deja vu?
Yuuji: Nope. I'm planning to hold you in place and bully you again, just like before.
Amane: Whaaat!? S-Seriously!?
Yuuji: Of course I'm serious.
Amane: No waaay... I can feel your penis pressed up all the way against my womb, and I can't even move...?
Yuuji: ...Are you really that desperate for this cock?
Amane: Aah... haahn... yeah... I want it real bad... nn, aah... I want you to grind it all the way up against the back, just like this...
Yuuji: You're pretty wet already, Amane. Guess you got turned on giving me that blowjob, huh?
Amane: Uhhh... well... it was actually before that, when I imagined you doing dirty stuff to me... I think that got me pretty wet...
Yuuji: ...Uh, right.
Amane: H-Huh...? Is it just me, or are you a little creeped out...?
Yuuji: No. There's nothing wrong with being horny in my book.
Amane: In that case... will you... pound my pussy with your cock...?
Yuuji: ...Sure, you got it.
Amane: Nn, haaah... ah, ah... when you rock your body... your cock grinds all the way up against the back of my pussy... nnn, it feels kinda good...
Yuuji: What, just "kinda" good?
Amane: Ah... nnfh... well, I mean... you're doing it really slowly... nn... and you're holding my arms so tight that I can't even move...
Yuuji: Well, I wouldn't exactly be "bullying" you if I did exactly what you wanted right off the bat, would I?
Amane: Guh... I thought I managed to convince you to pound my pussy instead of teasing me again...
Yuuji: There's no way I'd fall for a cheap trick like that, you know.
Amane: Nnnh... ah, haah... aah... well, yeah... nn, ah, aah... but I guess this isn't so bad, either... kinda gives me the shivers... when you string me along...
Yuuji: What a pervert...
Amane: Ahn! ah, ah... y-you're thrusting up... all the way against my womb... ahn!
Amane: Nn, haa... aah... it felt good when you were just grinding against it... nn, aah... but I love when you poke at it that way, too...
Yuuji: Hrm... maybe I should stop thrusting, then...
Amane: Haa... haa... I was just kidding... it doesn't feel that good... when you poke at my womb...
Yuuji: Too late now, sorry.
Amane: Nnh! Ah, haaa... aaah... your cock's grinding up against it again... aaaah...!
Yuuji: The instant I started grinding harder, you got a lot wetter...
Amane: Haa... ha, ah... ahhn... I mean, it feels so... amazingly agonizing...
Yuuji: What does that even mean...?
Amane: Anh, nn... aah... it feels amazing when you rub up against my womb... but you're doing it so slow, it's kind of agonizing...
Yuuji: ...All right, I think I'm getting bored of bullying you. Guess I'll start with the "pounding" now.
Amane: Ah! Ah! Aah... n-no way... your cock's prying open... the mouth of my womb... nngh!
Amane: Haa... aah! Ah, nn...! Ah! Aaah! Fwaah...! Ha, haa... hah, nn... ah, ah...
Yuuji: Hrm. I'm usually too distracted by that body of yours to notice, but... you've got a sexy voice too, Amane.
Amane: Nnfh... haa, aah... d'you... like my voice?
Yuuji: Yeah, I love it.
Amane: Haaaugh!
Yuuji: Whether you're speaking normally, or squealing with pleasure... I love the sound of your voice!
Amane: ...!!!!!
Yuuji: What just happened? You're getting insanely wet all of a sudden...
Amane: Well, when you said the word "love"... I think I came a little.
Yuuji: Try to get off to my penis, not my compliments...
Amane: Fwaah! Haa, aah! Ah! Ah! You're moving so fast... nngh! It's not just the back anymore... you're rubbing up against the walls of my pussy...!
Yuuji: Did you want me to just keep grinding at the back?
Amane: Aah! Hah, nn! N-No... I like it like this...
Amane: Haa... aah! Nn, nnn... it feels so good my legs are already getting all wobbly... can you keep rubbing all up and down my pussy...?
Yuuji: Well, when you ask that nicely... it makes me want to focus on the back instead.
Amane: Eegh, nn...! D-Don't be a teaaase... ah, aaah! Do my whole pussy...
Yuuji: Don't worry, that was just a joke.
Amane: Hyaaah! Aah! Aah! Nnngh! A-Amazing... your hips are moving so fast again... nhah, aah!
Amane: Nn, haa, haa... fwaah!? Aaah! Y-Your penis just twitched inside me...!
Yuuji: I did say I loved hearing you squeal, right? Of course I'm going to react a little.
Amane: Aaaah! Aaah! Don't say that... hyaah! Nnaaah! Now I'm gonna start squealing even louder...!
Yuuji: Not like there's anyone in the vicinity... shriek your heart out for me, why don't you?
Amane: Aaahn! Haah, nnhah, aah! Nnn! Ah! Ah! Aaah! Aaah! Aaaah...!
Amane: Kuh, nnn...! I'm... sorry, Yuuji... ahhn! Aah! Nhaah! I think I'm gonna... come already... hyaah, aah!
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. Come whenever you want to, Amane.
Amane: Haaa, aah! T-Thanks... aah, aaah! Ahhn! I'm gonna... aah! Gonna... come! Aaah!
Amane: I'm coooooming!!!
Yuuji: ...!
Amane: Ah! Ah! Aaaah!? Y-Yuuji... I'm... coming...!
Yuuji: Yeah, I noticed.
Amane: Aaah! Ah, haaahn! S-So then, why... nnngh! Are you still moving...?
Yuuji: I seem to remember you continuing that blowjob while I was coming earlier...
Amane: Hiiigh! Aaah! Nhaah! Well, yeah... ahn! But I wasn't... going this hard...! Hyaaah!
Yuuji: Oh? Did you just squirt a little?
Amane: Ah, haa, aaah! O-Only because... you're bullying me, Yuuji... ahhn!
Yuuji: What, you didn't want to come?
Amane: Haa, aah, nnn! Of course I did, but this is just... nnkuh! Hyaah, ah! Ah, aaaaah!
Yuuji: Your pussy's really squeezing down... you gonna come again?
Amane: Ah! Aaah! Aah! Y-Yeah... I'm gonna come...! Aaah! Nnn! I'm gonna come again...!
Yuuji: Go right ahead!
Amane: Hyaaaah!? You're grinding your cock... up against the back! Nnn! I'm gonna... I'm... I'm cooooming!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
Amane: Haah, ah... nnnn!! Your come's pulsing out... into my womb... oh no, not again...! Aaaaaaaaah...!
Yuuji: You got off just from feeling me come inside you, huh? How about this, then?
Amane: Fwaah!? Nhaaah! Ha, aah! Y-You're grinding up against... aaaaaaaaah!
Amane: Nnn! Haaah! My womb's opened up... for your semen, so... nnhah! If you push your penis back there, it's gonna... slide right into it...! Unnghh!!
Yuuji: Oh. You just came yet again, huh?
Amane: Aaaah...! I can feel the come going... straight into my womb... nnhaah! Your twitching cock's... rubbing up against the very back... I'm gonna... I'm gonna... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!
Yuuji: Hrm... don't think I've ever seen this many orgasms in such quick succession. Nice party trick...
Amane: I came too much... I can't even... think straight anymore...
Yuuji: ...Amane?
Amane: ......
Yuuji: Looks like I've fucked the girl unconscious...
Yuuji: Guess I took things a little too far this time, huh...?
Amane: ......
Yuuji: ...Might as well take this opportunity to see what happens if I fuck her when she's out cold.
Yuuji: Let's just push up against her womb one more time...
Amane: Ahn.♪
Yuuji: ...Hm? What's with that weird warm feeling on my legs...?
Amane: Aaaaaah...
Yuuji: Okay, did this girl just piss all over the place...?
Narration: *―In the end, it's the same old story.*
Narration: *But I guess it was inevitable.*
Narration: *The ultimate form of "comfort" is probably the sense of security a fetus experiences in its mother's womb.*
Narration: *When a man frantically makes love to a woman, I think there's a part of him that's trying to return to that blissful place.*
Narration: *In that sense, I guess you could argue that sex is a valid enough form of relaxation therapy.*
Narration: *Either way... whenever the two of us are alone, Suou Amane always seems to spread her legs as soon as she opens her mouth.*
Narration: *That said, I think she'd change quite dramatically if she ever became a mother.*
Narration: *It's entirely possible she'd prioritize the child to the exclusion of her husband, and start nagging instead of demanding sex at every opportunity.*
Narration: *Not that there would be anything wrong with that.*
Narration: *I'm positive Amane will be a wonderful mother.*
Narration: *It's easy to imagine her plopping her kid down in the tandem seat of a 110cc business bike and dropping them off at kindergarten in dramatic style.*
Narration: *It's a pleasant thing to imagine, too. I always dreamed of having a fearless mother like that myself, back when I was a kid.*
Narration: *―I've spent a lot of time thinking lately.*
Narration: *―I've spent a lot of time worrying.*
Narration: *I've carefully considered the possibility of picking a single woman, and trying to find a more "normal" kind of happiness.*
Narration: *When I saw one woman's face, I found myself thinking "It has to be her."*
Narration: *But when I ran into another woman, I decided that it had to be "her" instead.*
Narration: *I'm a ridiculously selfish piece of shit, to be perfectly honest.*
Narration: *I know that at some point I'll have to make that final choice... *
Narration: *But I just can't help asking myself... "What's going to happen to the women I don't choose?"*
Narration: *I don't want any of them to be unhappy. You can try to spin that as a kind-hearted thought... but objectively speaking, it's the kind of conclusion that warrants a savage beating from all the women involved.*

Narration: *―At the end of the day, men are incredibly selfish creatures. The girl in front of them at any given moment always seems like the cutest one in the world.*
Narration: *When I'm with Sakaki, my mind naturally focuses on her most charming traits, and it's easy to brush aside any minor annoyances; her high-strung, somewhat prickly personality feels like a natural part of who she is.*
Narration: *To cite a specific example... these days, it doesn't even bother me when she fixes that contemptuous glare of hers on me.*
Narration: *Of course, if I were to actually marry the woman and have children with her, I could see it leading to some issues...*
Narration: *When she showed up on parents' day, the other kids would probably end up whispering "Is your mom mad about something?" to our hypothetical offspring.*
Narration: *It's actually a little heartwarming to imagine our poor kid smiling weakly in response... probably fighting the urge to say "That's just Mom's normal face, actually."*
Narration: *Of course, marrying a sharp woman like her would also mean I'd have someone to help me out if I make some stupid blunder.*
Narration: *Like many men, I'm prone to screwing up anything involving paperwork and bureaucratic procedures. Sakaki would definitely keep a close eye on all that for me... a bit like the way JB takes care of things when I'm out in the field.*
Narration: *I'd probably end up causing her more than a few headaches. But as long as I stayed aware of that fact, I'd make an effort to treat her with the kindness and gratitude she would deserve.*
Narration: *―All things considered, it seems like marrying a clever woman like her would be a sensible choice all around.*
Narration: *On the other hand... does that imply that marrying a moron would be sheer foolishness?*
Narration: *I suppose it's a reasonable enough conclusion.*
Narration: *But when I'm actually in the presence of one such imbecile, I find myself wanting to believe that the matter's not quite so simple as that.*
Michiru: ...H-Hey, Yuuji... do you have a minute...?
Yuuji: What's up?
Yuuji: ...Hm? Your face is a little flushed. Are you suffering from heatstroke?
Michiru: Uh, no. Actually, I'm... errr... Anyway! Do you have a minute?
Yuuji: You didn't really finish your sentence there.
Michiru: Who cares about that!? Do you have a minute or not? You do, right?
Yuuji: Well, yeah, I guess... what do you need?
Michiru: Uhm, well... I was hoping you could help me study...
Yuuji: Excuse me...? You're actually studying, Michiru...?
Michiru: S-So what if I am...? I'm a student too, you know...
Michiru: So, uhm... well... are you willing to help me out?
Yuuji: All right. Don't expect miracles, but I'll do what I can.
Michiru: Nice!
Michiru: Okay then, let's go to my room!
Yuuji: Now then, what's been giving you...
Michiru: Ah, hold on a second. I don't wanna have to try and read what you're writing from across the table... w-why don't you come sit next to me instead...?
Yuuji: Don't worry. I can just write upside-down for you.
Michiru: That sounds like a real pain in the butt. C'mon, j-just come over here already...
Yuuji: Well... as long as you don't complain about me taking up too much space two minutes from now...
Michiru: I won't!
Yuuji: Fine, fine...
Michiru: Whoof... you're squeezing up right next to me...
Yuuji: Now then, let's...
Michiru: Ah, hold on a second.
Yuuji: What now...? Something else on your mind?
Michiru: When we're sitting right next to each other, your arms kinda get in the way, so it's hard to see what you're writing... mind if I sit on top of you instead?
Yuuji: That makes no sense whatsoever...
Michiru: I'm gonna sit on top of you. Nice and simple. Problem solved!
Yuuji: Sorry, still not following the logic here...
Michiru: Yeah, well, I'm gonna sit on you anyway. Okay? Sound good?
Yuuji: Fine, fine... do whatever you want...
Michiru: W-Well then... here goes...
Yuuji: Now then. What did you want me to go over with you?
Michiru: ...Huh?
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Michiru: Uhhhhm... we're... actually studying...?
Yuuji: What are you talking about, woman? You're the one who asked me to help you study...
Michiru: Uh, well, yeah... but... huh?
Michiru: We're... all alone in this room together right now, right?
Yuuji: That we are.
Michiru: ...And... we're squeezed up against each other, right?
Yuuji: That we are.
Michiru: ...You don't have any thoughts about this situation?
Yuuji: At the moment, I'm thinking about the best way to help you learn.
Michiru: ...Uh... that's it?
Yuuji: Well, not entirely... I was also thinking it might get a little annoying trying to look at your notes with your hair in my face like this.
Michiru: ...Okay, got it. Hold on juuust a second, okay? I need to rework my plan.
Yuuji: Rework... your "plan"?
Michiru: ...*Gasp*!? That's it!
Michiru: H-Hey, Yuuji... can you teach me about... kissing...?
Yuuji: Kissing? Can't say I know much about rural Germany... you might be better off asking JB...
Michiru: Uh, what? Germany?
Yuuji: You were referring to the town of Kissing in Bavaria, right?
Michiru: Of course noooot!
Michiru: I'm talking about actual k-i-s-s-i-n-g! The kind you do in a tree! Mouth to mouth contact! Smooching!
Yuuji: I don't get it.
Michiru: Bwha!? Wait, you don't know what kissing is, Yuuji!? But you've done it to me before, right? Huh? Huh!?
Yuuji: I'm well aware of what "kissing" is. I just don't understand why we'd be doing it right now. What happened to our study session?
Michiru: Ugh! How clueless can you get!? That was all just an excuse to get some private time with you, obviously!
Yuuji: Oh, is that all it was?
Michiru: We're all alone! We're squeezed up close! At this point, things should just, like... naturally progress to kissing, or maybe sexy stuff, right!?
Yuuji: That's quite the logical leap...
Yuuji: And anyway... if that's what you were after, why didn't you just say so in the first place?
Michiru: I totally did!
Yuuji: ...Hm? When was this?
Michiru: When we ran into each other, I said I was "hoping you could help me study"!
Yuuji: That really doesn't qualify as saying what you wanted...
Michiru: How was I supposed to do it, then!?
Yuuji: Well, let's see...
Yuuji: Michiru.
Michiru: W-What...?
Yuuji: I think I want to kiss you... that all right with you?
Michiru: Ah... uh... w-well, if you're that desperate... I s-s-suppose I might be willing!
Yuuji: Glad to hear it. Thanks.
Michiru: Uh, sure. Of course. Thank YOU, actually.
Michiru: Nn... haa... nfh... nh... ha... hahn...
Yuuji: Michiru, I don't mind doing most of the kissing... but why don't you try being more proactive yourself?
Michiru: Y-Yeah, I know... nnm... nn...
Yuuji: Hnmm... Slipping in your tongue already, huh...? That was pretty sudden...
Michiru: Uweeh!? W-Wasn't that what you meant!?
Yuuji: Not really, but... it's fine. I was planning on getting there eventually.
Michiru: Nnn? What d'you... nmmh! Nnf... ngh, nnn... nm... n-nn... nnh, haaa...
Yuuji: Hrm, looks like your eyes are getting a bit misty...
Michiru: Well... that was a really amazing kiss...
Yuuji: ...Want me to give you one more?
Michiru: No...
Michiru: I don't just want one... I want a whole lot more...
Yuuji: All right then.
Michiru: Nnfh... nm... nn... nkh... nn, nn... haa... nmh... nmh... nnn, nn... nnkh...
Michiru: Haa... haahn... your tongue's... wrapping... nnn, nn... itself around mine... nn... nnn, nmm...
Yuuji: Of course it is. I'm kissing you, aren't I?
Michiru: Nn... haa... is that also why... I feel something big and hard... grinding up against my butt...?
Yuuji: Yep.
Michiru: It must feel... really cramped in there, right?
Yuuji: Yeah, for sure.
Michiru: T-Then... I'll take it out for you...
Michiru: ...Uhm, why are you taking off my clothes too?
Yuuji: What, you don't want me to start touching you yet? I thought you were more than ready for that by now...
Michiru: Well, uhm... I do want you to touch me...
Yuuji: Okay then, I'll keep going.
Michiru: R-Right.
Michiru: Hyah!?
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Michiru: Yuuji... your penis bumped up against me...
Yuuji: Sorry... It curves back a bit when I get a boner, so I can't really help it...
Michiru: T-This huge thing... was pressing up against my butt...?
Michiru: ...H-Hey... can I touch it?
Yuuji: Sure.
Michiru: O-Okay then...
Michiru: Wow... it's so warm, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Think I'll get started as well...
Michiru: Nn... aah! Haah... nn... don't just... spread it open... and slip your finger inside...!
Yuuji: You're pretty damn wet, considering we haven't done anything more than kissing so far.
Michiru: ...! Y-You're not fighting fair, Yuuji! I'm gonna touch you too!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Michiru: Oh, s-sorry... did that hurt...?
Yuuji: No... pretty much the opposite.
Michiru: Huh...? You mean it... felt good...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Your hands are nice and sweaty, so it doesn't really hurt when you squeeze it that way.
Michiru: Okay then, I'll keep rubbing it just like that... nn... nn... nngh...
Michiru: Nn... oh, your penis just twitched... do you like it here? This little ridge?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Michiru: In that case... I'll give it lots of love, okay...? Nn... haa... hahn... nngh...
Yuuji: Your walls move a little every time you breathe, Michiru... you're getting wetter and wetter...
Michiru: Haahn... Well... your penis is getting... a little wet too...
Michiru: All this clear fluid... keeps leaking out... haa... haa... it's starting to look r-really lewd...
Michiru: I need to squeeze it a little harder so it doesn't slip out of my hand... nn, nn... and rub that little ridge... nnn, nn, nngh...
Yuuji: Guh...
Michiru: Hyaah! Aah, nn... y-your penis just... hit my... my...
Yuuji: Oh... was that your clitoris I just touched with the head of my cock...?
Michiru: Nnn! Ah, aah... wait, don't move your hips... haa... you're grinding up against it... nnngh...!
Yuuji: Hm, you moved around so I can't hit it anymore, huh...?
Yuuji: In that case, I'll just have to attack it and your insides with my fingers...
Michiru: Eegh... ah, aah... That's not faaair... I've only got one weapon, but you have two...
Yuuji: Life isn't fair. Now then, time to work on that clitoris...
Michiru: Hyah, aah... haa... haa... the veins in your penis... are bulging out... nn, nnn...
Yuuji: Guh...
Michiru: Huh...? I'm not even touching that little ridge... nn... but you just twitched again...
Michiru: I get it... so you like this too, huh...?
Michiru: Yuuji... I wanna... make your penis feel really good... nn... nn... nnn...
Yuuji: I'll make sure you get some pleasure too...
Michiru: Nnn! Haa... haa... Yuuji... let's both... feel good... together...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Michiru: Haah... nn... nngh... your penis... nnn... keeps getting... wetter and wetter...
Yuuji: Well... you're leaking a lot of fluid onto it.
Michiru: T-That's not true...!
Yuuji: Kuh... Hey, don't do it so vigorously all of a sudden... you might make me come if you're not careful.
Michiru: Haa... haa... it's okay, go right ahead... Nn... ah...! Come a whole lot for me...
Yuuji: Did you forget about what you literally just said, woman?
Michiru: Nn... nnn... haa...? What I just said...?
Yuuji: You want us to feel good together, right...?
Michiru: Ah... yeah... haa... haa... I wanna do it together, Yuuji...
Michiru: Nn... ah, ah... I wanna feel good with you... and I wanna... haaa... come with you, too...
Yuuji: In that case, I'm going to go a little harder myself.
Michiru: Uu... nnn! ah... hah... aah... haa... haa... Me... too... nn! Nngh!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Michiru: Haa... haa, ah... ahh, nn... haa... you keep pressing down on my clit... and rolling it around...!
Michiru: Nnn... haa... aaah... Yuuji... am I doing a good job...? Nnn... I'm feeling really good, but... I'm still stroking your penis a whole lot, right...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Michiru: Ahn... nnngh... haaah... Yuuji... ah, aah... haa... haa... Yuuji... nn, nnn... ah... nn... aaah... Yuuuuji...
Yuuji: Michiru... I'm coming, all right?
Michiru: Nn! Nn! Haa, haa... go on... come... a whole lot... nnn... I'm gonna come too, so... haa, nn... do it with me, Yuuji... ah, ah, aaaah...
Yuuji: Guh!
Michiru: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...!!!
Michiru: Nnn... kuh... haah... You're spraying so much of it... onto me... haa... haa...
Yuuji: Almost looks like I came inside you or something...
Michiru: Ah... nnn... But... this is totally different...
Michiru: I mean... I can't feel anything hot inside me...
Yuuji: What, do you want me to come inside you?
Michiru: ...Yeah, I do.
Yuuji: All right then.
Yuuji: Hmm... you're a little tight, Michiru...
Michiru: Nn... H-Hey...! This is embarrassing... don't spread my legs too far apart...
Yuuji: Well, okay... but isn't this position a little tough on you?
Michiru: Mm... I'm fine...
Yuuji: All right. In that case, I'm going to start moving... but let me know if it starts to hurt, okay?
Michiru: Okay... sure.
Michiru: Ah... nn... haa... haa... Your penis... is so hot... and hard... haa... huh. It feels kinda slimy, too...
Yuuji: You might be squeezing out some of the semen that was still left inside my urethra, I guess...
Michiru: Haa... nnnfh... haa... this is... your semen, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: Okay, I understand that you're eager for my come, but don't clamp down so much... it's hard to move...
Michiru: Whaat!? I-I'm not c-clamping down...
Yuuji: Don't worry, Michiru. Even when you're not doing that, it feels amazing inside you.
Michiru: ...Uh, okay.
Yuuji: I can't come again too quickly, so you'll have to settle for that leftover semen for now...
Michiru: Nnn... ah, aaah... your penis... is rubbing up against my walls...
Yuuji: Seems like you're getting pretty well lubricated... feels nice and sticky in there...
Michiru: Haah... nnf... that's not me... it's probably just... the stuff you had left over inside you...
Yuuji: ...What, so you aren't feeling any pleasure?
Michiru: Uh, no... it feels really good, but...
Yuuji: Then... maybe you don't like the way I'm rubbing it against you?
Michiru: No... I like it.
Michiru: Nn! Ah... haa... haa... when you rub against my walls like that... nnn... I can't help getting w-wetter... nnhaah... and that just makes those dirty noises louder...
Yuuji: C'mon, Michiru... didn't I just tell you not to squeeze down too much?
Michiru: Haaa... nnn... that's easy for you to say... I can't help it, I'm embarrassed...
Yuuji: In that case... Guess I might as well make you clamp down with all your might...
Michiru: Huh...?
Michiru: Hyaah! Ahh, nn... cut it out, Yuuji...
Michiru: Kuuh, nn... when you rub my clitoris like that... ah, ah... it feels TOO good...!
Yuuji: Damn, that's tight...
Michiru: Nhee! Haa... haa... your penis is forcing my walls apart... and rubbing up against them...! Nnn... I can feel you moving...
Michiru: Nnn... Yuuji, please... not both at the same time... nhaah, haa, haa... I'm gonna lose my mind...
Yuuji: I'm the only one here to see you. Go on, give in to the pleasure.
Michiru: Eek! Ah, ah... s-so fast... nn, aah... it's like you're churning up my insides... haah, nn! And you're still playing... with my clitoris... ahh, nn!
Yuuji: Guh...
Michiru: Haa, haa... ahh, nnn! You're pushing my clit... too hard... ah, aah... and your hips... are moving so fast... haahn... at this rate, I'm gonna come really fast...!
Michiru: Nn, aaah... haah... I don't wanna be the only one who comes... haa, haa... you have to do it with me, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Yeah, I got it.
Michiru: Ah, nn... really...? Ha, haa... nn... You're gonna come with me again...?
Yuuji: Of course.
Michiru: Hii, ah... haa, aah... nnkh... come on, Yuuji... nnn... I'm almost... there... ah... ah, aah...
Yuuji: Go on... come!
Michiru: Nn, ah... ah... aaah... I'm cooooming!!!
Michiru: Ah, ah... you're pumping... hot come inside me...! Nn... I can feel it... spreading out... ah, ah... aaaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: Feels like you're trying to pull me further inside...
Yuuji: Do you want it all the way back there that badly?
Michiru: Haa... haa... nweeh...? What...?
Yuuji: ...I'm asking if you want me to do this.
Michiru: Nnnngh...! Ah, ah, ah... you're pushing your penis even deeper... while it's still twitching...! Aah, nn... haa, aa...
Michiru: Haa... haa... nn... haa... haa...
Yuuji: Looks like you're pretty worn out. Guess I shouldn't be surprised, given that you just had two consecutive orgasms...
Michiru: Nwah...? Wassat...?
Yuuji: Well, it seemed like you really wanted my come today, so I thought I might be up for one more round. But...
Michiru: Let's do it!!
Yuuji: ...Damn, that was a quick recovery...
Yuuji: You sure about this, though? If you're worn out, we can always just take a break first.
Michiru: No! Now! I wanna do it now!
Yuuji: Okay then.
Michiru: Aah, nn... when you move... I can feel the semen spilling out of me...
Yuuji: I did pump you pretty full of it, Michiru.
Michiru: Haa... haa... nnnf... does that mean... having sex with me felt really good...? 
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right.
Michiru: Nn, haa... don't just agree with me... I wanna hear you actually say it...
Yuuji: I pumped you full of come... because your pussy felt amazing, Michiru.
Michiru: My p-p...!? Ah, ah, aaaah!?
Yuuji: You're really squeezing down all of a sudden. Does hearing dirty words turn you on?
Michiru: N-No, that's not it... haa... haa... it just made me really happy... to know how much you enjoyed it... and, uhm... my heart kinda skipped a beat...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Yuuji: In that case, why don't you show me how much YOU'RE enjoying this...?
Michiru: Huh...? Hyah! Ah, nn... haa... haa... y-you're... rubbing my clitoris again... nnn! And thrusting... so deep inside me... aaah...
Yuuji: Your walls are clinging pretty tightly to me, Michiru... I can feel every little twitch you make...
Michiru: Haa... haa... nooo... that's so embarrassing... nn, ah, aah...
Yuuji: ...Guess I'll just go hard enough to take your mind off the embarrassment...
Michiru: Whaaat!? If you do that, you're gonna make me come again in no ti... Nnngh!
Yuuji: Maybe we should have taken a break after all... You're really sensitive right now, aren't you?
Michiru: Ah... haa... haanh... it's because... you know all my weak spots, Yuuji...
Michiru: Haa... aahn... anyway... don't go too fast... nnh, ah, ah... I don't wanna come by myself before you're ready...
Michiru: Nnkh... haa, haa... I wanna come... with you...
Yuuji: Don't worry... I'm ready to go when you are...
Michiru: Hah, ah, ah, aaah... nnn... That was close... I almost came...
Yuuji: Oh, right... you get turned on when I tell you how I'm feeling, right...?
Yuuji: It's amazing inside you, Michiru... your pussy's full of semen and juices, and it's squeezing down so tight... I love it...
Michiru: Nn! Ah, ah... haa... haa... I'm gonna... nnn... I'm gonna come...! Haa...
Yuuji: Go right ahead, Michiru.
Michiru: Haa... haa, aah... nnn... ah, ah, ah... aaah... I'm coming...!
Michiru: Nnn....! Ah... ah.... aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Michiru: Nnn... haa... haa... you're pumping... so much into me... again...! Ahn...
Yuuji: Looks like a lot of it's spilling out... guess that's no surprise, given how hard you're squeezing down...
Michiru: Ah... nooo... what a waste... I wanted it all inside me...
Yuuji: Cleaning this up is probably going to be a bit of a pain in the ass...
Michiru: Hey, c'mooon... That's like the least sexy thing you could possibly say right now...
Yuuji: True enough. My apologies.
Michiru: When you've just made love to a girl, you should probably... like... kiss her or something, right?
Yuuji: ...If you want one, then say so...
Michiru: I wanna kiss...
Yuuji: That a fact?
Michiru: Yeah.
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: ...Huh? Where's the kiss?
Yuuji: I never said I'd actually give you one, right?
Michiru: Okay then, I'll just have to ta... nhoooooh!?
Yuuji: You shouldn't try to move right after an orgasm like that. I mean, my penis is still inside you... you had to know what was going to happen if you wriggled around, right?
Michiru: But I wanted to kiss yoooou...
Yuuji: *Sigh*... Honestly, what am I going to do with you...?
Michiru: Huh...? Nn, nnfh... nnn...
Yuuji: Satisfied now?
Michiru: Not yet... I want more...! Nn, nnhooo!?
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend... those who don't learn from the past are doomed to repeat it...
Narration: *―Pinching my furrowed brow, I look up toward the clear blue summer sky and let out a heavy sigh.*
Yuuji: ...Haah... The girl is such an idiot...
Narration: *And yet... whatever else you can say about her, she's at least true to her (idiotic) nature.*
Narration: *In other words, she's a remarkably simple creature.*
Narration: *She doesn't know how to give voice to the feelings that well up inside her.*
Narration: *But nonetheless, she desperately tries to convey them.*
Narration: *Michiru's essentially be the definition of a hopeless moron. Dealing with her tires a man out... but there's a part of me that feels like she might just die unless I stick around to take care of her.*
Narration: *When I look at that girl, I find myself thinking of the pet dog I had as a kid.*
Narration: *She used to yap and yowl at nothing, jumping around in a pointless frenzy and making a mess of my room... and when I scolded her, she'd shrink down with her tail between her legs and piddle miserably on the floor.*
Narration: *John was definitely a dumb dog, but she was always loyal to a fault. In the end, she died fighting a bear to protect me...*
Narration: *Poor animal tried too hard... and it got her killed.*
Narration: *I wish I'd taught her some common sense... given her the courage to run away from an enemy she couldn't possibly defeat. Things wouldn't have turned out that way if I'd raised her properly.*
Narration: *With that in mind, it's hard for me to treat Michiru too coldly. I have to do a better job this time around...*
Narration: *...Even if the idiot is a bit of a handful at times.*

Narration: *―On the subject of people who can be a real handful... I think I have some fundamental issues dealing with younger girls in general.*
Narration: *I first realized this fact when I was working part-time as a glorified babysitter in the course of a witness protection job.*
Narration: *The girl I was responsible for didn't know the first thing about the world, but she had a real attitude, and seemed to regard her own opinions as absolute truths.*
Narration: *When I said as much, she'd haughtily reply "I'll hear you out if you actually explain your position, rather than insulting me"... Not that she had any intention of listening, as opposed to finding something to argue about.*
Narration: *I once asked her if she was literally incapable of starting a sentence with anything but the word "But." She fired back something about not wanting to become a woman who can't even speak her mind.*
Narration: *The girl clearly had no idea how aggravating it can be to deal with someone who always "speaks her mind," at all times, regardless of how it makes everyone else feel.*
Narration: *By the end, I was sorely tempted to hang the brat up by her hair and start hitting her in the face like a punching bag... And that about sums up how things usually go with me and younger women.*
Narration: *Of course, our new Mihama Academy boasts not one but two students who fall in the "younger girl" category. And sadly, they're no exception to the general rule.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Komine. Komine! I'm using your last name for a reason, woman!
Sachi: Well, Komine certainly is my name... but it almost sounds as if you're angry with me when you use it. Why not call me "Sachi" in your usual manner?
Yuuji: If I don't look angry to you right now, I'd suggest a visit to the optometrist.
Sachi: ...Pardon?
Yuuji: Don't play dumb, damn it! Stop looking at me with that innocent confusion in your eyes! What the hell are you playing at here!?
Sachi: ...Hrm. Now, this is perhaps an overly daring hypothesis, founded solely on a simple maid's intuitive impression of the situation, but...
Sachi: Are you perhaps angry with me, Kazami-san?
Narration: *―Snap!*
Narration: *Calm down, Yuuji. Calm down, damn it!*
Narration: *This is clearly a trap.*
Narration: *And when an agent falls into the enemy's trap, there are only two ways he can respond to his humiliating predicament.*
Narration: *You either laugh, or you shut your mouth.*
Narration: *Suddenly bursting into laughter at this point would probably elicit an innocent inquiry regarding my sanity... and that's only going to make it harder to keep my irritation under control.*
Narration: *That just leaves the option of keeping my silence, telling myself that the person being tortured here is someone else entirely, and counting the stains on the ceiling until it's all over...*
Narration: *But if that's taken to mean that I'll meekly accept being subjected to this kind of treatment, I'm only going to have more headaches waiting for me down the road.*
Yuuji: ...Look, Komine... Sachi. Can we just slow down for a minute here? At least explain yourself. Why are you doing this?
Sachi: ...Why am I doing this, you ask...? Hmph... a foolish question. But if you really must know, I suppose I should answer...
Yuuji: Can you skip the "shark" crap? I want the actual reason.
Sachi: ...Grrrrrr...!
Yuuji: Don't you growl at me, damn it. I'm the one with a reason to be angry here, all right?
Sachi: ...I've acted in this manner precisely because my motives are difficult to explain... I wouldn't have resorted to this if I thought I could convince you with words...
Yuuji: ...You're starting to sound like a fugitive giving their big confession on the edge of a cliff... Anyway, I want to hear what you've got to say for yourself.
Sachi: ...It all began yesterday afternoon... Maki-chan and I were sucking on ice-pops that Amane-san had made for us, cooling our sun-warmed skin in the ocean breeze...
Makina: Hey, Sacchin... was this really fer the best?
Sachi: Do you regret coming to this island? I suppose it would be hard to blame you... there's not so much as a convenience store out here...
Makina: Nah, that ain't what I meant. It's more like... all of us girls from Mihama ended up comin' here, right?
Sachi: Well, yes...
Makina: I mean... livin' a carefree life in a tropical island harem ain't the worst thing in th' world, fer sure.
Makina: But there's this vague sense of unease I just can't seem ta shake, ya know? Like, when ya get right down to it... are you an' me really in demand here? 
Sachi: ...In demand?
Makina: Hear me out for a sec. As I'm sure yer aware, this Kazami Yuuji guy has a fundamental preference fer older women, right?
Sachi: You think so...?
Makina: I mean, he treats us younger girls pretty different... Sorta feels like someone taught him ta be "kind" ta youngsters or something.
Makina: And since he's always approachin' us from that angle, our relationships ain't really that "sexual" on a fundamental level, ya know?
Sachi: Aah... hmm. I think I'm starting to understand what you're getting at, but...
Makina: I mean, it ain't so bad fer you, Sacchin. Yer tits have been gettin' a little bigger lately, right? Ya might end up becomin' a big-booby maid one of these days...
Makina: You'll just whip out yer jugs, shout "Here you are, Kazami-san! Do enjoy yourself!" and he'll come runnin' over in no time... 
Makina: But here's th' thing, Chinsatsu-san...
Makina: Tra-jickly enough... no matter how hard I struggle, I can't escape th' genes my mom gave me. I'm gonna end up as a grown woman who looks like a grade-schooler, even in expensive suits!
Sachi: I think that might be rather appealing in its own way, to people with certain tastes...
Makina: Not yer problem, eh, Sacchin? Yeah, you've got it easy... ya got that flashy pink hair, an' yer voice is kinda sexy...
Makina: All you gotta do is say "Wanna do it? I won't charge" all sweetly-like, an' you'll get all the lovin' yer heart could desire.
Sachi: ...I don't think it's quite that simple, actually...
Makina: Why don'tcha give it a test run?
Sachi: Wanna do it? I won't charge...
Makina: ...See?
Sachi: What do you mean?
Makina: I mean, I'D do ya. Fer sure.
Sachi: Aah... well, I'll give it a try sometime...
Makina: However! All that said! I'm not th' kinda girl to just sit around mopin' about my tragic lack of assets! Listen up, Sacchin, an' listen well!
Sachi: Okay. I'm listening.
Makina: Basically, I just gotta make him crazy about me in par-tick-yalur! And that brings us to the main topic! What are th' three main rules of makin' a man fall fer ya!?
Makina: First, ya gotta be adorably cute! Second, ya gotta be sweet and thoughtful! And most importantly...
Makina: Ya gotta give him all the casual fuckin' he can handle!!
Sachi: Maki-chan, you're being awfully loud...
Makina: Hey! Pay attention, ya slutty maid! I see you day-dreamin' about Kazami Yuuji's dick as you suck on that ice-pop!
Makina: I'm talkin' ta you here! Stop givin' that thing a blowjob an' listen up!
Sachi: Right. I'll admit to being a bit irritated at the moment, but I'm still listening.
Makina: So anyhoo! I just need ta become really freakin' good at sex, right? At that point, Kazami Yuuji's as good as mine!!
Sachi: ...Okay... But when it comes to being casual about sex and talented in the bedroom... doesn't that just describe Amane-san?
Sachi: Someone's already gotten there ahead of us. And what's more, she's a pleasantly plump woman with immense sex appeal...
Makina: Ya just don't get it, Sacchin. We're not even in th' same category as that girl! Havin' sex with us is a totally different experience, yo!
Sachi: Is that a fact, yo?
Makina: In th' eyes of a dude, women are basically just a bunch of motorcycles. Ama-nee's sorta like a mega-cruiser, but I'm more of a mini-moto!
Makina: Ridin' a new bike on a new stage is a whole new kinda fun, ya know? It's just like Harudera-sensei says! We know the same wind and rain, but blah blah blah!
Sachi: In any case... what exactly do you want to do about this, Maki-chan?
Makina: I wanna have sex!
Sachi: Right. Sure. I'd rather like to have sex myself, Maki-chan.
Makina: I know, right? Don't worry, I've got a plan in mind! Our objective is Kazami Yuuji! Henceforth, I'll be referrin' to him as "the target"!
Makina: First of all, yer gonna pretend to have a stomach ache in front of th' target! Crouch down groanin' and grab at yer belly!
Sachi: Oh hoh...
Makina: When th' target approaches ta offer you aid, we take him inta custody!
Sachi: Huh? How do we do that?
Makina: Ask the target ta help you to yer feet! When he reaches out, grab hold of his arm... and don't let go!
Makina: At this point, I'll sneak up behind th' target an' bind his hands together with some nylon straps!
Makina: The target will respond as follows... "What the hell? Is this some kind of game?" 
Sachi: Well, I'd imagine so...
Makina: While he's confused, we'll make some vague soothin' noises... and then tie his feet together too! Before he even knows what hit 'im!
Makina: We'll hoist him up on a stick like natives carryin' a wild boar, bring him back to th' submarine, and lock him up in my quarters!
Sachi: What happens after we lock him up?
Makina: Well, we fuck his brains out, obviously.
Sachi: Oh, I see. So we're going to fuck his brains out.
Makina: As Onii-chan himself once told me back in th' day... Experience is th' highest form of knowledge! It's a precious privilege, reserved fer those who keep themselves alive!
Sachi: In other words... even if it requires fairly violent means, you intend to acquire the sexual experience necessary to succeed?
Makina: Precisely! And while I'm improvin' my technique, I'll also be gettin' that poor bum hopelessly addicted ta my body!
Sachi: You're a bit of a monster, aren't you, Maki-chan?
Makina: Hrm? Welp, if ya don't like the idea, I could always do it by myself.
Sachi: Aah, well... I think this might get really out of hand if I'm not there... so I suppose I'll help.
Makina: Kay then. Guess we'll just take turns with th' fuckin', then?
Sachi: Is this really a good idea...?
Sachi: And thus, while I wasn't entirely sure this was a good idea, I did end up participating in the plan... Is that a sufficient explanation?
Yuuji: Of course it wasn't a "good idea!" Did you really think that ridiculous explanation was going to satisfy me!?
Sachi: Well, what else am I supposed to do!?
Yuuji: I'm the one doing the shouting here, you braindead maid!
Sachi: Gyuuuu...
Yuuji: Oww, oww!! Hey! What the hell are you doing!?
Sachi: It doesn't seem you quite understand the nature of your current position yet, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Oh yeah? Well, I think it's about time you start rethinking your own actions here...
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: Aagh, damn it! Fine, fine! Just stop pinching my nipple, will you!?
Makina: Th' principal offender has returned, folks!
Yuuji: Wait, did you just admit this is a crime!? Are you seriously going to do this!? Like, seriously!?
Narration: *Staring straight into Sachi's eyes, I do my best to appeal to her conscience.*
Narration: *In this otherwise hopeless situation, it's the one approach that seems to hold any chance of improving my fate.*
Sachi: When considering romantic relationships in terms of the commitment involved, I do feel that the position of "lover" offers an attractive degree of freedom and flexibility...
Sachi: However, I have one lingering reservation.
Sachi: Kazami-san!!
Yuuji: W-What!?
Sachi: When it's just the two of us... I'm number one in your heart, correct?
Yuuji: ...Excuse me?
Sachi: It's simple enough. You may have other women in your life, but when the two of us are alone, I assume that I'm your top priority. Is that in fact the case?
Sachi: In other words, you're not going to compliment other girls in front of me, or compare me against them in order to complain... correct?
Yuuji: Aah... well... yeah, sure...
Narration: *I mean... if I was that damn rude, I doubt I'd have any luck with women in the first place...*
Narration: *By the same token, I wouldn't complain about another woman to her... especially since she might assume I'm doing the same thing to her behind her back.*
Narration: *Women don't like that kind of thing. It's just the way they are.*
Sachi: In that case, I suppose it's all right. Let's get fucking, shall we?
Yuuji: Where the hell did that come from!?
Makina: Mmkay, I'll start off by stickin' a finger in his asshole ta give him a boner.
Yuuji: Hey, hold o... nngh!!
Makina: Thar we go! Ain't seen this type-89 torpedo in a while! 
Yuuji: Can you not use that analogy...? It's kind of a turn-off.
Sachi: Would you prefer "110-pound naval cannon," perhaps?
Yuuji: No, the specific choice of weaponry wasn't really the issue... *Sigh*... Why did it have to come to this, anyway?
Makina: It's a bit too early ta be waxin' philosophical, buddy. The two of us are about ta take you to heaven!
Makina: On that note, I'm gonna go ahead an' suck yer dick now. Sacchin, yer in charge of his upper half, okay?
Sachi: Roger that, Maki-chan.
Makina: Awrighty then... yer gonna be squirmin' with pleasure in no time. Hah... fhmn... *suuuck*...
Makina: *Smack*, *slurp*... nnn... *blurp*... *ssslllurp*!!
Yuuji: I don't know if someone's been giving you advice, but you're moving pretty aggressively right from the start...
Makina: Damn straight. I'm playin' for keeps here, buddy... and today, we're both motivated ta the max!
Yuuji: What's got you two so fired up, anyway...?
Sachi: I wouldn't presume to tell you to stop thinking about this... But I do hope you're not forgetting about me.
Yuuji: What's this? You planning to sit on my face or something?
Sachi: Do you honestly think that's what I'm after?
Sachi: What I want right now is the kind of kiss only lovers share... the deepest of deep kisses...
Sachi: You know... spittle flying in all directions as we violently tangle our tongues... that sort of thing.
Yuuji: I'm not sure how many "lovers" kiss quite that energetically, you know...
Sachi: Now then, Kazami-san, please open your mouth... nnn... nnfh... nnn...
Sachi: *Smack*, *smack*... *lick* *slurp*, nn, haa...
Sachi: *Smack* *smack* *slurp* *slurp*... *sluuuuurp*... nn, nnn... nhah...
Sachi: Nnn... *lick*, *lick*, nnn... nnnfh... *smack*, *smack*... ha....
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa...
Sachi: Your tongue truly is a ladykiller, Kazami-san... simply sharing a kiss with you has left me somewhat wet...
Yuuji: It's not like I'm doing anything special. You just get wet easily, Sachi.
Makina: *Smack*... *Shmack*, nhaah... Hey now! Don'tcha get too focused on Sacchin now, all right?
Makina: Spare some attention fer the girl suckin' away on yer salty ol' cock, too!
Yuuji: Hrm... Sorry, Makina. Guess it's not too clean right now, is it? Give me ten minutes in the shower, and then we can pick up where we left off.
Makina: Nheheh... Ya think we're gonna untie you that easily? Nice try, buster. Anyway, eatin' dick-cheese is a treat fer any girl in heat!
Makina: Aahn... nn, nnn... *sluuuurp*... *slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*...
Sachi: Hahhn... nnfh, nnn... *smack*, *sluuuurp*, nn, hah...
Yuuji: You know, I sort of figured you two might get bored pretty quickly if I just let you have your way...
Yuuji: But when you gang up on me like this... you're more formidable than I expected...
Makina: Yep... The two of us had a revelation, ya see...
Sachi: When faced with a wave you can't surmount alone... you must surmount it together...
Makina: For you see, I am a tunafish...
Sachi: And I a shark...
Makina: But we're both Fresh-fish Superhumans, born from our mother the sea!
Yuuji: Fine, whatever... do what you want...
Makina: Awright! Onii-chan's lyin' there like a dead trout... this is our chance to strike! Let's show 'im how a real fish fucks!
Sachi: Shark sex, coming right up!
Makina: I'm gonna put my mouth-pussy right back ta work, okay? Fmmn... *slurp* *smack* *sluuuurp*...
Yuuji: Are you fondling my balls with your hands...? Sucking my cock isn't enough for you anymore?
Makina: Npoh! That ain't the only trick I've got up my sleeve, either. I'm gonna run my tongue along yer shaft, all th' way down to yer family jewels... 
Makina: Nph... ph, *slurmph*... *slurp* *slurp*, nn... *suuuuck*!
Sachi: I think it's time for another passionate kiss, don't you? I'm going to suck that naughty tongue of yours dry, Kazami-san.
Sachi: *Kiss,* *smack*... nnn... hah, *smack* *smack* *slurp*! Nn, *slurrrrp*... hah...
Yuuji: Nhah... You've come a long way, Sachi... I remember when I always had to take the lead with you...
Sachi: Haa... haa... Komine Sachi... is both a fast learner... and a well-disciplined maid... only 570,000 yen, if you act now...
Yuuji: Damn, that's a bargain.
Sachi: Indeed. But... nnngh... my training is still incomplete... so please do... teach me more...
Sachi: Nfh... nn, nnn... *smack*, *kiss*... *lick*, nn... nnnn...
Makina: Ya keep spewin' out pre-come every time I poke at th' head of yer cock... it's kinda cute...
Makina: *Lick*... *smack*, nnn... blurph, blurph, nph... nn, *slurp*!
Yuuji: ―Kuh!
Yuuji: Damn, this really is intense... it's completely different from dealing with either of you on your own...
Makina: It's all thanks ta how tight me an' Sacchin are, ya know? An' by the way, today we're runnin' an unlimited "come inside to yer heart's content" promotion!
Yuuji: Are you serious?
Sachi: Indeed. In preparation for this operation, the two of us carefully studied our menstrual cycles and selected a so-called "safe day." There's no need to worry yourself about any troublesome surprises.
Yuuji: Komine Sachi... you are one fearsome woman...
Sachi: Well, I AM a maid.♪
Makina: *Smack*, *shmack*... *kiss*, *smack*, nn... nnn... hah...
Makina: Nheheh... Yer little friend here keeps twitchin' like crazy every time I touch it with my tongue, Onii-chan.
Sachi: Nn, nn... Come on... Give me more of your saliva, please...
Sachi: You can do anything you want to me, Kazami-san... anything at all...
Makina: Heeeey! That's th' killer line I taught you about earlier!
Sachi: Yes. I thought this might be an appropriate moment to utilize it.
Yuuji: This is ridiculous...
Makina: Aw, don't say that... if yer a good boy, I'll give you a nice gentle bite on th' crown of yer cock, okay?
Makina: *Lick*... *lick lick*, nnn... *smack*... *smack*... *kiss*...
Sachi: I'm only getting started myself, you know...
Sachi: Nn... nn, *smack*... *kiss* *smack* *slurp*... *sluuuurp*!
Makina: Nn... nph, *kiss*, *sluuuurp*... mph!
Makina: Well now... In th' course of suckin' yer dick, my torpedo tube seems to have gotten nice an' flooded. Think I'm about ready ta stick somethin' up there...
Sachi: Ah! No fair, Maki-chan. I want it in me too...
Makina: Hey, c'mon, there ain't no rush.
Makina: Ya know Onii-chan's basically a perpetual fuckin' machine, right? We can just take turns milkin' it out of him.
Sachi: Oh, right. Of course.
Makina: On that note... Go ahead an' skewer me ruthlessly, big guy!
Yuuji: Hmm... Well, you asked for it...
Makina: ―Wuhoooooh!!!
Yuuji: How's that for starters?
Makina: Hguh... nngh! Yer a monster, Onii-chan... ya made it right up ta my womb in a single thrust, ya know?
Yuuji: You're even more tight than usual, though... I feel like I made it further inside last time...
Makina: W-Well... nnn... that's because ya haven't been spreadin' me open enough lately, Onii-chan...
Yuuji: What, it's my fault?
Makina: Damn straight. I mean, if ya were givin' us the lovin' we need, we wouldn't have had ta resort to this in th' first place!
Yuuji: For what it's worth, I do try to give all of you plenty of attention...
Sachi: However, my data for last week indicates that you made love to Amane-san far more than anyone else.
Makina: And of course, us younger girls are both sittin' at the bottom of the list...
Yuuji: What, you're keeping track...?
Makina: That's just how women work, buddy!
Sachi: And therefore... in order to even things out somewhat, we're going to need to wring quite a lot out of you today.
Makina: I'm gonna start movin' first, hokay?
Yuuji: I can thrust instead if you want. Don't push yourself...
Makina: Fer all yer macho posturin', ya can be awful sweet sometimes, Onii-chan... but I want ya to let me take the lead today, mmkay?
Makina: Ngiii... nn, nnn... fnyuuuu!!
Yuuji: Damn. Feels like I'm being squeezed in a vise...
Makina: I can make it even tighter, ya know? Nngh... nghghgh...!
Yuuji: Kuh... okay, that actually hurts...
Makina: Nyhehe... even a tough guy like you can't deal with this kinda pressure, am I right?
Yuuji: Yeah. Think I'm gonna have to start moving, all right?
Makina: Sure... come at me, Onii-chan...
Makina: Ahaah! Ah... that's goood... it's rubbin' all up inside my belly... yer gonna make me squeal!
Yuuji: Still feels really tight in there... want me to slow down a little?
Makina: Nnfh, nn... don't go holdin' back on my account. This pussy's just yer personal fuckhole, Onii-chan... I wantcha ta treat it that way...
Yuuji: Hmm, brave words... guess I won't bother taking it easy on you, then...
Makina: Fwaah... ah, ah, ahn! That's sooo good... my stomach's goin' all weak... I think I might start pissin'...
Sachi: Maki-chan... you certainly seem to be enjoying yourself...
Makina: Nnn, nn... Welp, when yer gettin' fucked by the guy ya love, that's just par for the course...
Makina: But I don't wanna be the only one feelin' pleasure here... why don'tcha help me out already, Sacchin?
Sachi: Right. Of course.
Sachi: On that note, Kazami-san... I'm going to start kissing your body now...
Sachi: *Lick*... nn, *lick* *slurp*... *smack* *kiss*... *smack*, nnn...
Yuuji: Hmm... somehow, this turns me on a lot more coming from a self-proclaimed "maid" like you...
Sachi: Heheh. You're too kind... I'll do my best to service you like a professional...
Sachi: *Lick* *lick*, nnn... *smack*, haa... simply touching your sturdy chest makes my heart race, Kazami-san...
Yuuji: And yet, you're still finding the time to play with my free nipple with your fingers... not bad, Sachi.
Makina: Better not underestimate us younger girls, ya know? We know how ta fight dirty.
Makina: Fwaahn, ah, ahn... by the way, I'm startin' to get used to this, so you can move a bit harder if ya want...
Yuuji: All right then. As requested, I'll shove my way further inside you...
Makina: Fwaah... ah! Ahn, nnn... yer cock's too big, Onii-chan... when ya rub up against me there, it makes my belly bulge out...
Sachi: *Smack* *smack*, *kiss*... Kazami-san, your nipple's so erect... it almost looks like a girl's.
Sachi: It's so cute... that I find myself wanting to tease you even more. Nn, nnn... *lick*, *lick*...
Yuuji: Makina... you're getting pretty damn wet in here...
Makina: Nnn, nnn... ya like that? My pussy feels pretty good, right?
Yuuji: Yeah... if I keep thrusting like this, I won't last much longer...
Makina: Nice ta hear ya say that, but... don't worry yerself about it. We'll go as many rounds as you want today...
Sachi: Indeed. Don't hold back, please...
Yuuji: Well, since you insist... I guess I can't back down now...!
Makina: Nhaaah! Aah... here it is... Onii-chan's ruthless jackhammer attack! Nothin' makes me happier to have been born a woman...!
Sachi: What wonderfully vigorous thrusts, Kazami-san... *kiss*, *smack*... *lick*, *lick*...
Yuuji: I'm going to sprint right to the finish line... keep that pussy nice and tight, got it?
Makina: Yeah! Yeah! I'll squeeze ya real good with my loli pussy... so fuck it as hard as ya can!
Yuuji: Heh... I'll make you regret provoking me like this, woman...
Makina: Haaaah! Ahn, ah, aah... crap, my mind's goin' blank... I'm gonna come any second now!
Yuuji: Go right ahead! I'm almost there too! 
Makina: Fwaaaahn! Ah, hah... yer thrustin' so hard... my body's bouncin' into the air!
Makina: Ahn, ahn, haa... it's rubbin' all up an' down my insides... I can't even think straight anymore, man... nnnngh!
Sachi: Nhaah... go on, Kazami-san. Give in to the pleasure... dump all your hot semen... deep inside Maki-chan...
Yuuji: Here it comes, Makina!!
Makina: Nhuuuuuh! Ah, ah... go on! I'm comin' too! I'm gonna come like craaaazy!!
Yuuji: ―Kuh!
Makina: Fwah... ah... fwaaaaaaaaah!!!
Sachi: Haa... haa... nnnh... You both came, didn't you...?
Yuuji: I was jammed all the way up into her... so I'm pumping it right into her womb.
Makina: Uhuuuhn, nn, ahhh... I can feel it... surgin' up into my belly! Nnnh...
Makina: It's squirtin' into... the very back of my pussy... over an' over again...
Yuuji: Kuh... damn... your pussy's convulsing... trying to squeeze more out of me, huh...?
Makina: Ahah, hah, haa... haa... haa... is it finally over...?
Makina: Sheesh. I know that was yer first shot of th' day, but... didn'tcha come a little TOO much?
Yuuji: Well, I guess I haven't been cleaning the pipes as much as I should...
Sachi: ...In any case... You're still good to go, yes?
Yuuji: Well... before we continue, mind untying my hands and feet?
Sachi: I do apologize, but I'm afraid I can't do that.
Yuuji: I need to be able to move if I'm going to fuck you two properly... And I'm sick of being entirely on the receiving end.
Makina: Oooh... sounds like Onii-chan's finally risin' to th' challenge...
Sachi: Very well then. Since your intentions appear to be good, I'll free you from your bonds.
Sachi: In exchange... I'd like to request that you avail yourself of my pussy next...
Yuuji: Yeah, that's the idea. I'm going to start moving right away this time... mind lying face-up on the bed for me?
Sachi: Of course... whatever you want...
Sachi: ―Fwaaaaaaaaaahn!!!
Makina: Uwooh... what the heck, man! That's crazy!
Makina: Sacchin's pussy's gobblin' up Onii-chan's fat ol' cock like a hungry hungry hippo...
Yuuji: Seems like you were more than ready for me, Sachi. It slipped all the way in right away...
Sachi: Hahn, nn, nnn! Haa... haa... haa...
Sachi: How deeply embarrassing... I reached a minor climax... the moment you put it inside me...
Yuuji: You're as sensitive as always, huh...?
Makina: Dang, though... ya already got a flash-flood goin' on down there, Sacchin...
Sachi: W-Well, of course I do...
Sachi: I just witnessed the man I love having sex with my dearest friend... I had to devote all my attention to suppressing any twinge of jealousy...
Yuuji: Which meant you couldn't keep your arousal under control, huh?
Sachi: Yes... but it's my turn now, so... please enjoy me to your heart's content.
Yuuji: Of course. I'm going to start moving, okay?
Sachi: By all means... ahh... nnn!
Sachi: Aah... hahhn! Ah, nnn... this pressure... is intense...!
Yuuji: You're pretty damn tight yourself, Sachi...
Sachi: But... that means I'm squeezing your penis tightly... and offering you greater pleasure, correct?
Yuuji: Yeah. And it also means... I can feel every inch of your pussy perfectly.
Sachi: Nhaaah! Ahn! You can't just... squirm around at my entrance...! If you keep teasing me like this... I'm going to lose my mind...!
Makina: Hrm... my best bud's gettin' fucked by the guy I fell for...
Makina: It makes me happy, but there's also a weird squeezy feelin' in my chest... hard ta put these emotions inta words, you know...?
Yuuji: Says the girl who still has my come oozing out of her pussy... look, I'll play with you too, all right? Spread your legs a little.
Makina: Oho... that's my Onii-chan for ya! Yer a man of action!
Makina: Nhooohn... he jammed it right in! That long finger's slippin' up inside me...
Sachi: Ah... don't give all your attention to Maki-chan...! I'm your top priority right now, remember?
Yuuji: ...You really think I've forgotten about you?
Sachi: Fwaaahn! Oh no... you jammed it all the way back in... so suddenly...! Aahhhn!
Yuuji: Haha... you just lifted your hips up off the bed, you know that? Don't worry, I'm not about to take it easy on you.
Sachi: Honestly... you're such a bully, Kazami-san... ah, hah... ahn!
Yuuji: Want to switch places with Makina, then?
Sachi: Now you're just... being deliberately cruel...
Sachi: Haahn... you know full well how much pleasure I'm feeling...! Nnn, haa... fwaaahn!
Yuuji: Sorry, my bad. You're my top priority right now, Sachi... I did give you my word.
Sachi: Yes, you did... nnn! So give me more pleasure, please... Fuck me so hard... that it hurts...!
Sachi: Nhaah... yes! Your penis is so wonderful, Kazami-san! I've been waiting for this... for so long...! Hahn!
Yuuji: You've got a nice look on your face right now, Sachi. You're moaning so loudly with pleasure that you can't even close your mouth...
Makina: Nyhehe... whatcha think, Sacchin? Ya likin' the flavor of Onii-chan's penis...?
Sachi: Yes... it feels wonderful... the inside of my stomach's getting all warm...
Yuuji: Hey, Makina... You really have time to be worrying about your friend right now?
Makina: ―Hweh?
Makina: Uhooooohn!! Ah, wait, not there! Yer... makin' my hips tremble...
Yuuji: I'll just bend my finger... and stroke you right up here...
Makina: Fwaaahn! Hold on, I just came a minute ago... yer givin' me too much stimulation, man...!
Sachi: Heheheh... you're clearly feeling a lot of pleasure as well, Maki-chan... let's enjoy this together, shall we?
Makina: Heck yeah! Ahn...! I'm gonna move my hips while starin' into your sexy little face, Sacchin!
Yuuji: You two really are, uh... good "friends"...
Sachi: Don't worry, Kazami-san. We won't forget about you.
Sachi: I'll just... nnn... tighten up my stomach... every time I breathe in... nnngh...!
Yuuji: Kuh... it feels like your walls are coiling around my cock...
Sachi: Hehehe... you do enjoy it when I do this... don't you, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Alright, that calls for some payback... I'm going to start picking up the pace here.
Sachi: Of course... feel free to indulge yourself...! Nnngh... ah, hah!
Makina: An' even while they're talkin'... Onii-chan's finger keeps squirmin' around inside me... my belly's startin' to twitch like crazy, man...!
Yuuji: I can do pretty amazing things with just a finger or two, right?
Makina: Yeah... it feels hella good! Keep goin'... make a big sloppy mess of my pussy with yer finger, Onii-chan!
Sachi: Fwaah, ah, ahn! Oh no, I was trying too hard to hold it back earlier... I'm... I'm already... 
Yuuji: Coming already, huh? Ready to stick out your tongue and squeal for me?
Sachi: Yes... nnh! For all my talk about pleasuring you, Kazami-san... I've given into it myself... fwaaahn!
Makina: Nnn, nnh... I know exactly how ya feel, girl. Ya get this warm fuzzy feelin' in yer heart... it's hard ta even describe, really...
Sachi: Yes... it makes me so happy to have Kazami-san inside me... the pleasure's almost too much...
Sachi: My hips... ahn... are starting to move on their own...! Hahh, nnn!
Yuuji: Good timing, then. The way you're clamping down on me, I'm almost ready myself...
Sachi: Let's do this together, then! I want to come with you, Yuu-kun...!
Yuuji: "Yuu-kun," huh? That really takes me back...
Sachi: Yes... You'll always be Yuu-kun to me, Yuu-kun... Nhaah...!
Yuuji: All right then, "Sacchan"... I know how much you hate to lose. Let's see what you can do!
Sachi: Nhaaaah! Ah, ahn! Nooo! You're moving... too fast!!
Yuuji: What, throwing in the towel already?
Sachi: Well... nngh! It's different now! You never used to be this perverted, Yuu-kun!
Yuuji: Oh...? Did you like me better the way I used to be?
Sachi: Don't ask me that...! You know the answer... you're the one who made me into a dirty girl...!
Yuuji: Haha... Just teasing you, okay? By way of apology... I'll give you the best orgasm of your life...!
Sachi: Yes! Make me come! Teach my body... exactly who it belongs to!!
Sachi: Aaahn! Ah, ahn! The inside of my stomach's getting... so hot... I can't hold it much longer!!
Makina: Nhaaaahn! Nn... same here, man. I'm gonna come... right in fronta you two...
Sachi: Yes... come with us, Maki-chan! Let's all... give in to the pleasure...!
Makina: Uhhhn! Nn... nnn... haa... yer so beautiful right now, Sacchin...
Yuuji: I'm nearly there...! You ready, Sachi? Makina?
Sachi: Haa... haa... go right ahead, Yuu-kun! Dump... all your semen inside me!!
Makina: I'm good too... nngh! I'm gonna come like crazy... so make sure ya watch the show, okay?
Yuuji: Yeah, of course... I'm not going to miss a second...
Sachi: Oh no... nngh! You keep bumping up... against the back...! My head's going blank... I can't hold it back anymore!!
Sachi: Nhaaah! Ah, aah... hah! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun...!!
Yuuji: ―I'm coming, Sachi!!
Sachi: Nnnn!! Ah... ah, hah... nhaaaaaaAAAH!!!
Sachi: Kuuuh! Nn... nnngh! It's so hot... inside me...!
Yuuji: Gwoh... you're clamping down at the entrance and the back... at the exact same time...
Sachi: Nhaah... haa, aah... I can't believe this is your second ejaculation... It's incredible...
Makina: Yer pussy's twitchin' like crazy, Sacchin... it's hella lewd...
Sachi: Haa... haa.. haa... There's so much of your come in me, Kazami-san... nggh... it's overflowing... 
Makina: Man, that's crazy... I squeezed a lot outta you just a few minutes ago, and ya still had this much left in the tank...? Yer a monster, Onii-chan...
Yuuji: Haa... haa... well, I don't know about that...
Yuuji: My penis seems to be holding up for now... but my hips are starting to feel a little heavy...
Makina: Hrrrm... well, ya heard the man. What should we do, Sacchin...?
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... nngh... I think that should go without saying.
Makina: ...You betcha.
Yuuji: Hm? What are you two planning now...?
Makina: We're gonna team up ta service you, obviously. That way, ya won't have to move.
Yuuji: Uh... What kind of "service" did you have in mind?
Makina: Are you playin' dumb or what? We're gonna give you some of that oral action ya love so much. Duh.
Sachi: This won't be just any fellatio, either... it's an ultra-deluxe double-blowjob, performed by both myself and Maki-chan!
Sachi: Hamfh... nnn...
Makina: Oho... ya sure took that thing real deep right off th' bat, Sacchin-san... 
Yuuji: ...!! My cock's really sensitive right now... when you go after the head like that, it's hard to keep my waist still...
Sachi: *Smack*... *slurp* *smack*... *sluuurp*... *slurp*, *slurrrrp*...
Sachi: *Lick*, *kiss*, *smack*... *lick* *lick*... hunfh... *sluuurp*... hah!
Sachi: Nheheh... Kashami-san... youh henis is hwitchinh ahain...
Sachi: My hood'ess... nheh... hook how huch of youh sehen I'be alheady cleahed off it...
Makina: Dang, no kiddin'... yer tongue's covered in the white stuff...
Sachi: Hon't wohhy... I'll shahe it wih hou, Mahi-chan...
Yuuji: Hey, hold on a second...!
Makina: Nwoh? Somethin' the matter?
Yuuji: Have you two lost your minds...?
Makina: Apart from th' fact that we're both in heat, I'd say we're relatively rational, ya know?
Makina: I mean, when yer as tight as Sacchin and me... swappin' spit feels perfectly natural, right?
Sachi: Mahi-chan... you lihe the haste of Kashami-san's sehen too, hon't you?
Makina: Hell yeah! I'm gonna swirl that big sticky load around in my mouth, then swallow every drop!
Yuuji: Well... if you're that determined, I guess I'll say no more...
Sachi: Ohay, Mahi-chan... heah homes youh r'ward. Say ahhh...
Sachi: Nn, *smack*... *slurp*, *smack*... *lick*, nn, *smack*, *smack*...
Makina: *Lick*, nn... *smack*, *kiss*, *smaaack*...
Sachi: Hahn... nn, nnfh... hah... your tongue's... so hot, Maki-chan...
Makina: C'mon, Sacchin! Tangle yer tongue with mine more passionately! Amm... *smack*, *slurrrrp*...
Sachi: *Shmaaaack*, *smack*, *smack*... nhaah... *lick* *lick*, nn... hah...!
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... Maki-chan, you're such a good kisser... The noises we made were so obscene...
Makina: Nyhehe... now both our mouths are swimmin' with fresh-squeezed Onii-chan juice!
Yuuji: That was a pretty damn deep kiss...
Makina: Hrm. Looks like our sexy lesbian show got Onii-chan's cock ready ta fire off another salvo...
Sachi: My, such stamina... but I'd expect no less from you, Kazami-san. Nn...
Yuuji: I know you two already got off earlier, but... think you're good to continue?
Sachi: But of course. We did promise to service you orally, after all...
Makina: This time, we're gonna milk ya dry with our tight little mouth-pussies, ya know?
Sachi: Indeed. Pardon me...
Sachi: Hahn, nn... *smack*, *smack*... *smack*... nn, nnn...
Sachi: *Lick*, *lick*, nnn... fuh, *smack*, *kiss*, *slurrrp*...
Yuuji: Feels good, Sachi... Your "service" is always so thorough...
Makina: Hrmph... What about me? Ya got a verdict on my blowjobs?
Yuuji: Hmmm... with you, it kinda feels like I'm getting my dick sucked by a cat in heat...
Makina: Say whaaat!? Do cats even give blowjobs!?
Sachi: I really don't think that's the major issue here, Maki-chan...
Yuuji: Anyway... I think you've got a natural knack for it, Makina.
Makina: A knack, huh...? Mmkay then... guess I'll just go with th' flow an' do what feels right...
Sachi: Indeed... let's both lap at Kazami-san's penis this time, shall we? We'll pleasure him together...
Makina: Sounds good! Once we hit it with our combination attack, Onii-chan's penis will be weepin' with joy!
Yuuji: Pretty damn confident, aren't you...?
Makina: Yer gonna see why soon enough, bub.
Makina: Nn... *smack*... *smack*... *smack*, *kiss*...
Yuuji: Starting off by kissing my cock, huh...? I don't know why, but your lips are always really warm, Makina... makes this oddly stimulating...
Sachi: Nn... nff, *slurp*... *slurp*, *slurrrp*, *slurp*...
Makina: An' in order ta convert that "stimulation" into pure pleasure... we've got Sacchin goin' ta town on yer glans!
Yuuji: I see... you two really are working together...
Makina: Nyehehe... how ya like that? We wanted ta give ya lotsa pleasure today, so we worked out a few plans in advance...
Yuuji: Yeah... looks like you weren't just blowing hot air...
Makina: Yep! We're blowin' you instead!
Sachi: On that note... as you seem to prefer rather intense stimulation, Kazami-san, I'm going to suck a bit harder now...
Sachi: Nnf... nn, nnn... *s-slurrp*... *sluuuurp*...
Makina: An' I'll start movin' up an' down, from the head of yer cock to the base of yer shaft...
Makina: *Smack*... *liiick*, *liiick*, nn... *smack*, *smack*... *liiick*...
Sachi: Haahn... nnfh... *smack* *slurp*... *lick*...
Makina: Nhehe... Yer fat ol' cock's quiverin' like crazy, Onii-chan. *Smack*... *smack*, *kiss*... *liiick*, *liiick*...
Yuuji: When you need to catch your breath, Sachi takes over... and when she pauses, you pick up where she left off... You're trying to keep the pressure on me constantly, huh...?
Sachi: Nhaahn... but of course, *smack*... if at all possible, I'd rather not let it go even for a moment...
Makina: *Lick* *lick*, *smack*, nn... how's that? Even better than Ama-nee's blowjob's right?
Yuuji: Come on, don't ask me a question like that. You're all great in your own ways.
Makina: Nuuurgh... Sacchin, we still ain't brainwashed this jerk yet! It's time ta wage all-out war!
Sachi: Very well. I shall suck upon his penis with all the force of a mighty vacuum cleaner!
Sachi: Nnfh... nn... *smack* *smack* *slurp*, *slrp*! Nn... *slurp*, *sluuuuuuurp*...!
Yuuji: Kuh... come on, that's too intense! I won't be able to control myself if you keep it up...
Makina: Ya don't gotta bother. Just come when ya wanna come... and if ya got any requests, just say th' word...
Yuuji: Okay then... Sachi, can you hold the head of my cock in your mouth and stroke the shaft with your hands...?
Sachi: Of course! Coming right up... nn... nnn... *smack*... *slurp*... *slurp*...
Makina: Oooh... lookit you bobbin' yer head up an' down while ya jerk him off, Sacchin... that's hella sexy...
Yuuji: And what are you going to do for me while she's working on that, Makina?
Makina: I'll be lavishin' some love on yer testicles, naturally...
Makina: Nnn, ohm... nnnfh... nmmh... nmh... *smack*...
Yuuji: ―Kuuh!
Makina: Ahhn... yer balls just jerked up, man... ya really are about ta come, aren'tcha?
Yuuji: Yeah... keep it up, you two...!
Sachi: Of course... just sit back and enjoy the movements of my tongue... nn, nnfh...
Makina: Give us a big load of yer semen... right in our mouths, this time... nnf... *smack*, *smack*... nmmm!
Sachi: Nhaah... Kazami-san, it's getting even bigger... nn, *slurp*... *slurp*, *sluuurp*... nnn...
Sachi: *Smack*, *shmack*... *kiss*, *slurp*... *smack*... *sluuuurp*!! Hah!!
Yuuji: ―Uggh!!!
Makina: Uwoooh!?  Nhyaaahn!?!
Makina: Wahaa... Pretty freakin' impressive effort fer your third orgasm in a row...
Sachi: Haaa... your semen's... so hot, Kazami-san... nn, nnn...
Makina: Hold on a sec, though... don'tcha usually give us a little warnin' when yer about ta come, Onii-chan?
Yuuji: I deliberately kept it to myself this time. It's always more exciting to fire off the first shot right onto the girl's face, you know?
Makina: Dang, Onii-chan... yer capable of sayin' some awful perverted crap without even flinchin'...
Sachi: But in any case... you did just say "the first shot," yes? Does that mean...
Yuuji: We're not done yet, right?
Sachi: Of course. I very much enjoy servicing you, Kazami-san... and your penis appears to be as erect as ever.
Makina: Yeah, same here. When ya know it came out of the man ya love, the smell of semen's enough to get a girl drippin' wet...
Yuuji: You two are pretty damn perverted yourselves, you know...
Makina: If we weren't horny as hell, we'd never be able ta keep up with you, Onii-chan!
Yuuji: Ah... So it's my fault in the end, huh?
Makina: Yeah, but it ain't like there isn't some blame ta go around... So don't worry. We'll take responsibility fer our actions...
Makina: On that note, Sacchin... let's get back to lickin' this sucker like a popsicle!
Sachi: Roger that, Maki-chan.
Makina: Nnh... dang, that's one helluva sexy stench... *kiss*... *smack*, nn... *lick*, *lick*, *lick*
Sachi: Indeed... it's an exceptionally manly scent... nnn... *lick*, *lick*, *lick*...
Yuuji: ...! Damn, I'm sensitive right now... just the touch of your tongues is making my whole lower body tingle...
Makina: Yer cock's leakin' out more pre-come already, ya know...? Nn... *smack*...
Sachi: I must say, it seems to actually be growing larger after each successive orgasm... *lick* *lap*, *lick*...
Yuuji: My body's not listening to me anymore... feel like I might come again in no time...
Makina: In that case... why don't I just make ya fire off another shot right now, fer starters?
Sachi: An excellent idea... nn, *kiss*... *smack*, *lick*, *lick*...
Yuuji: Wait, don't tell me you're going to...
Makina: Sorry, but I think it's just as ya suspect. Time fer my index finger ta wreak some more havoc... hiya!
Yuuji: ...!! Gah, not my ass again...!
Makina: You can struggle all ya want, Onii-chan... but yer body's lovin' it.
Sachi: Indeed... go on, spurt it out onto my face as many times as you want...
Makina: *Shmack*, *smack*, *slurp*... Ya got two hardcore perverts fightin' over yer dick right now... Give us more of what we're hankerin' for...
Yuuji: You've got a really erotic look on your face right now, you know...
Makina: Yeah, well... I'm crazy about you, Onii-chan... I could do naughty stuff with you 'til th' cows come home...
Sachi: I'm going to rub my hand against the head of your penis now, all right...? *Lick*, *lick*, nnfh...
Makina: And I'll keep playin' with yer asshole... while focusin' on the nice, sensitive back of yer shaft... *smack*, *kiss*... *lick*, *lick*...
Yuuji: Damn it... my ass isn't your personal plaything, all right...?
Makina: Ya know ya like it, Onii-chan. Go on, come fer us... brazenly spurt out that semen while a younger girl fingers yer anus...
Sachi: Don't hold back... I want to see your face contort with pleasure, Kazami-san...!
Yuuji: ―Guuuuh!!
Makina: Nnn... nnn...
Sachi: Nhaah... ah...
Yuuji: Kuuh! Haa... haa... haa...
Yuuji: Haha... ended up coming on your face this time, huh? You're both covered in semen now...
Makina: No kiddin', man... nnh...
Sachi: My whole body reeks of your come, Kazami-san... I'm not even ovulating today, but it feels like I might get pregnant anyway...
Yuuji: Well, it's always nice to get such positive feedback... but that last round was so short, my penis is actually tingling a little...
Makina: Yeah, guess we did kinda force that last orgasm outta you... wanna take a break? A bit of th' old pillow talk might be kinda nice...
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: You two have had your way with me for more than long enough... Now it's time for my revenge. I'd suggest you brace yourselves...
Makina: Aah... Sacchin... I think we lit Onii-chan's fuse all over again... better resign ourselves to our fate, ya know?
Sachi: Indeed... I wonder how many times he'll make us come...?
Yuuji: Haa... haa... haa...
Yuuji: Haaa, now that was a lot of sex... Don't think I could squeeze another drop out of my cock today...
Makina: Ah... aah... ah, gaaa... S-Sacchin... how many rounds was that...?
Sachi: Nnn, nnngh... nnn... I-I'm not entirely sure... after the 8th orgasm, my mind went blank...
Yuuji: Well, ladies... have we learned any lessons about the dangers of messing with men?
Makina: Yerp... in retra-speckt, I guess that whole plan was a little naive...
Makina: I mean, ya fucked me half-unconscious, and then kept fuckin' me for more than an hour afterward... I thought ya were gonna punch a hole through my pussy, man...
Yuuji: Okay, now you're just exaggerating...
Sachi: However, Kazami-san... I do want you to understand that you bear some responsibility for driving us to this course of action...
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Sachi: We abandoned our homeland... our country... and moved to this distant island, all for the sake of the man we love...
Sachi: But when we looked around us... we saw nothing but women with catalog specs far superior to our own...
Sachi: The more we dwelled on this, the more we obsessed about the time you spend with the others... and the more anxious and irritable we grew... 
Sachi: Essentially... we were rather lonely...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Yuuji: From now on, I'll make more of an effort to be considerate... so hopefully, you won't feel the need to pull anything like this again.
Makina: Right! Don't spend all yer time with the big-tittied girls, or we're gonna come rape ya again! Ya better keep that in mind, buster!
Yuuji: ...You people really are incredibly resilient, aren't you...?
Narration: *―Everyone makes a dramatic mistake or two in their youth. Given access to a time machine, most people would be all too eager to punch their past selves in the face for their idiocy.*
Narration: *But ten or twenty years down the road, when Makina and Sachi remember what happened today... they won't necessarily feel the need to bash their heads against the wall from the sheer humiliation.*
Narration: *There's no shame in being young and foolish. It's what defines the most vibrant years of our lives.*
Narration: *When you're young, you can convince yourself you can do anything... that you're just not giving it your all yet. You can blame your problems entirely on your circumstances, and believe every word...*
Narration: *But eventually, you find yourself muttering about the "kids these days"... and realize that you've gotten old.*
Narration: *Of course, there's a part of me that's hoping someone will point out that I'm technically still young myself. Another classic symptom of early-onset old-fogy syndrome. *
Narration: *I'm not exactly tired of life itself yet, but... I do feel pretty damn worn out right now...*

Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Having opened the creaky, barely-functional door to our bath, I find myself staring into the serious face of Sakaki Yumiko.*
Narration: *A second passes. Then three. Then five.*
Narration: *Finally grasping the exact nature of my current situation, I silently ask myself how I'm going to deal with it.*
Narration: *And after a brief moment of inner conflict, I arrive at my answer―*
Yuuji: ...You got careless, Wyler.
Yumiko: Get OUT!
Yuuji: Crap! The joke didn't work!?
Yumiko: You... little...!!
Narration: *Perhaps displeased by my choice of referential humor, a scowling Sakaki hurls a yellow Keropin wash tub at my face; I'm forced to take evasive action.*
Yuuji: C'mon, that's dangerous.
Yumiko: I'll hear your excuses later! Just get out!!
Yuuji: Fine, fine! Calm down, will you!?
Narration: *As I'm trying to think of some way to appease this clearly furious woman, I hear the sound of voices in the distance.*
Makina: Awwright, time fer a soak! Man, remember when we were livin' on the boat and had ta rinse ourselves off with two little plastic buckets? Havin' a real bath we can use whenever we want is freakin' heavenly!
Sachi: Of course, we don't have an unlimited supply of hot water here, so Tha... Onee-sama said we should try not to be too wasteful.
Michiru: Yeah, yeah! That's why we're all taking our baths together like this, right!?
Amane: Come to think of it, I haven't seen Sakaki-san around. Wonder if she's off sketching again?
Yumiko: ―Wha!?
Narration: *All too suddenly, we find ourselves in a serious crisis.*
Narration: *There's no telling what those people will say if they stumble upon this little scene.*
Narration: *Reacting quickly, Sakaki reaches out and grabs me by the arm...*
Yumiko: Hmmph!
Narration: *...Only to forcibly pull me over toward a storage closet, open the door, and drag me inside.*
Yuuji: H-Hey...
Yumiko: Shh! Shut up!
Yuuji: Look here, Sakaki...
Yumiko: Just be quiet, will you? If those girls find the two of us naked in the bath together, how are you planning to explain yourself!?
Yuuji: We could just tell them the truth, couldn't we?
Yumiko: Do you really think they'd believe us? And even if they did, try to imagine how events would unfold afterward!
Yumiko: You'd be devoured like a scrap of raw meat tossed to a pack of lions!
Yuuji: ...Hrrrm...
Yumiko: Hrrrm yourself! You're the only man on this island, remember? Try to keep that in mind, for heaven's sake!
Narration: *I see. To be certain, there's an extremely limited supply of male companionship on this island.*
Narration: *Should the others choose to believe that Sakaki was secretly exploiting their communal resource, she would likely face severe social consequences.*
Narration: *You can't underestimate women when it comes to these matters.*
Narration: *The "pacts" they form are iron-clad, and those who violate them are excluded. Your shoes get tossed into the incinerator; your lunch bags get torn up; your honor is besmirched by slander in secret corners of the internet.*
Yumiko: ...I-I don't even want to think about it...
Narration: *Perhaps imagining something along similar lines, Sakaki trembles slightly with fear. I wrap my arms around her and hug her gently.*
Yuuji: ...Don't worry. As long as we stay still for a while, everyone will leave soon enough.
Yumiko: ...R-Right...
Yuuji: But on that note, Sakaki...
Yumiko: Y-Yes? What is it?
Yuuji: There wasn't any reason you had to get in here too, was there?
Yumiko: Kaah!!
Narration: *Squeezing out a peculiar little yelp through her dry throat, Sakaki looks up to the heavens as if seeking absolution for her foolishness.*
Narration: *The girl's fundamentally very smart, but she can be surprisingly airheaded at times like this. Something about that strikes me as "cute"... and I'm suddenly quite conscious of her soft body pressing up against mine.*
Yumiko: ...? There's something hard... pressing against my belly...
Yuuji: Oh, sorry... that'd be my penis.
Yumiko: Your p%#$%^*@!?!
Yuuji: Hmm... Your navel's nice and soft, Sakaki...
Yumiko: ...Bwha! Hey! Why are you getting a boner!? What is the matter with you!?
Yuuji: What do you expect, woman!? There'd be something wrong with me if I didn't get a boner right now!
Yumiko: Hey! Stop pressing it against my belly! That hurts!
Yuuji: Don't ask the impossible.
Yumiko: Oh geez... it's a little wet, too...
Yuuji: Fine, fine. You want to change how we're positioned, then?
Narration: *There isn't much room to maneuver, but I manage to pull Sakaki's body upward somewhat.*
Narration: *As a direct consequence, my penis slides down to her crotch and slips in neatly between her thighs.*
Yumiko: I feel like... that may just have made things even worse...
Yuuji: Hey, Sakaki. You aware that you're dripping a bit down there?
Yumiko: 「...!!!」
Narration: *Her face instantly going bright red, Sakaki responds by slapping me vigorously.*
Yuuji: In any case, we can't do anything about how cramped this thing is... guess we just have to try and find a less uncomfortable position...
Yumiko: Eeek!
Yumiko: Y-You idiot! You complete idiot! Stop moving! It's... It's going to slip in!!
Yuuji: Hm? Wait, that's an idea. My penis is occupying a pretty decent volume at the moment... so if I just put it inside you, we'll have that much more space to work with... 
Yumiko: Are you an idiot!? Are you actually an idiot!?
Yuuji: Well, I was half-joking.
Yumiko: In other words, you were half-serious...? Okay, stop rubbing it against me like that! You're not going to get me in the mood that easily, all right!?
Yuuji: Tch. Lame.
Yumiko: Don't give me that...
Yuuji: Well, whatever. Just squat down for now, all right?
Yumiko: You want me to... squat down...?
Yuuji: Well, you know... even on a really crowded rush hour train, there's usually a surprising amount of open space closer to the floor, right? In a locker this cramped, it makes sense for one person to stand and the other squat.
Yumiko: ...I understand what you're trying to say, but why do I have to be the one to kneel? Don't order me around, please.
Yuuji: Fine, then I'll do it. Spread your legs for me, will you?
Yumiko: Whaaaaagh!!
Yuuji: Don't be so loud, Sakaki. They're going to realize we're in here.
Yumiko: You can't do that! You'd be staring at my v... uh... your face would be right in front of my private parts!
Yuuji: It's fine. Just so happens that I passed through a vagina on my way into this world, so I'm fairly used to them. No reason to let it bother you.
Yumiko: It's going to bother me anyway!
Yuuji: In that case, are you going to crouch down instead?
Yumiko: Uu...
Yuuji: C'mon, hurry up already.
Yumiko: F-Fine, fine...
Yumiko: ...Uhm, Kazami-kun... can I just say one thing?
Yuuji: Hm? What's up?
Yumiko: ...This is even more dramatically awkward than I imagined it might be...
Yuuji: It's not like we're going to be standing by in here for the next three days. Just put up with it for a while.
Yumiko: ...Can't you make this thing smaller somehow?
Yuuji: Not happening.
Yumiko: ...Would it go back to normal... if you ejaculated?
Yuuji: Well... yeah, sure.
Yumiko: Good grief... I guess I don't have much choice...
Yuuji: Hey, seriously? Cut it out. If I come in this cramped little closet, it's going to stink like hell...
Yumiko: I'll take a bit of smelliness over being humiliated like this! You'll just have to put up with it!
Yumiko: Mm...
Yumiko: Honestly... look how hard you've gotten... mm... mmm...
Yuuji: It would be pretty abnormal not to get an erection when a naked woman squeezes her body up against you. Might have been kind of depressing if I hadn't reacted at all, don't you think?
Yumiko: Uh... I....
Yuuji: Well, I'm not going to expect you to agree or anything...
Yumiko: E-Enough already. Hurry up and come, why don't you...?
Yuuji: Okay, look... I understand you're feeling cranky, but this is a pretty businesslike handjob. Could you try making it a little more sexy, maybe...?
Yumiko: More sexy...? What's that supposed to mean...?
Yuuji: Hmm, right. I know I'm the one who suggested it, but that's probably going to be a pretty tall order for you...
Yumiko: ...Grr. What exactly is that supposed to mean? Even you're treating me like the plain girl now? I seem to remember you moaning "You're amazing, Sakaki" the other day! And plenty of times before that!
Yuuji: Well, I mean... you definitely are amazing, sure. Although it might be tricky to explain what you're amazing at, exactly.
Yumiko: Look here, you...
Yuuji: In any case, can you try a little harder? I'll do my part, too.
Yumiko: ...Oh? You just want me to... try harder...?
Yuuji: Sometimes I get a little anxious, you know... it doesn't always feel like you actually like me that much...
Yumiko: What a coincidence... every once in a while, I find myself asking why I fell for a man who fights so dirty. You're making it sound like I'm the villain here...
Yumiko: Fine, fine... I'll do it, since you insist. I'll say, well... sexy things. Honestly, what an idiot... why are men all such stupid children? I can't stand any of you...
Yuuji: Oh, are we starting off with the classic "barrage of insults" approach?
Yumiko: Oh, shut up. Honestly, what's the deal with this penis, anyway? It's too big, and it smells terrible. How can you walk around with this nasty thing dangling between your legs? Stop bulging at me like that!
Yuuji: Okay, that hurts. A little more gently, please.
Yumiko: Gently? What? "Gently," he says? Oh, fine, fine. Poor widdle penis got a boo-boo? Don't worry, I'll give you a niiice gentle handjob ...
Yumiko: Theeere we go. Does that feel good? Is someone gonna have a big-boy orgasm?
Yuuji: *Snort*! Wait, now we're going straight to the baby-talk!? Bwahahah!
Yumiko: Come on! You're the one who told me to be gentle, right!? Stop laughing at me! Stupid penis-brain...
Yuuji: How can I not laugh? Just because I said "gentle," you assumed I wanted to be treated like a baby... what are you, a girl working in one of those image clubs?
Yumiko: Excuse me, what? Do you go to those places?
Yuuji: Hmm... I've been once or twice, I guess.
Yumiko: ...Damn it... I left my boxcutter behind in the clothes basket...
Yuuji: Look... Do me a favor and stop trying to cut off my dick every time you hear about the indiscretions of my youth, okay?
Yumiko: Aagh, this is so aggravating... why can't this useless thing just be satisfied with me, anyway...?
Yuuji: Nugh...
Yumiko: "Nugh" yourself. Hurry up and come already...
Yuuji: Seriously, though... could you try to work on the atmosphere a little? This feels more like a genital inspection or something...
Yumiko: What on earth are you talking about...?
Yumiko: And anyway, are you even trying to enjoy this? Look at me! You've got an adorable girl stroking your penis, but from the expression on your face I'd think you were humping a drainpipe!
Yuuji: Oh? You all right with me looking?
Yumiko: What?
Yuuji: I mean, you never let me look at you when we're doing it... I seem to remember you getting pretty angry about that a few times.
Yumiko: Oh. Right... that's off-limits... definitely off-limits...
Yuuji: Okay, well... why don't we just look into each other's eyes? That wouldn't be so bad, right?
Yumiko: ...I feel like that might be even more embarrassing, somehow...
Yuuji: There's nothing embarrassing about pushing yourself to try new things.
Yumiko: I know you were trying to make that sound profound, but it doesn't really have anything to do with what I just said.
Yuuji: ...Sakaki...
Yumiko: ...S-Stop looking at me...
Yuuji: When someone looks at you, you look right back. Stare at them three times longer. Stare at them preemptively! The first person to avert their gaze loses, right? Why even give a handjob if you're not in it to win it!?
Yumiko: Now you're just spouting complete nonsense...
Yuuji: When it comes to sex, there's no such thing as "nonsense"!
Yumiko: For some reason, that actually sounds somewhat convincing coming from you...
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Yumiko: Oh, I'm sorry... did that hurt?
Yuuji: No, I'm fine. It felt good, actually.
Yumiko: ...Uhm... here? Was it... like this?
Yuuji: ...Guh...!
Yumiko: Oh, there...? Is this the spot? Come on, tell me. I don't know if I'm doing this right... Does my hand feel good, Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: Yeah, it feels amazing... You're good at this, Sakaki...
Yumiko: ...Y-Yumiko...
Yuuji: Hm?
Yumiko: ...You can... call me Yumiko... while we're doing this, at least...
Yuuji: A limited time offer, huh...? Well, that makes it feel like a special occasion...
Yumiko: T-That's right... it's a special occasion. Go on, let me hear you say it... this does feel good, right?
Yuuji: Yeah, it feels great... You're good at this, Yumiko...
Yumiko: ...Do you love me?
Yuuji: Well, of course... but I wish you weren't asking me this right now. Makes it seem like I'd say the same to any woman who's willing to get me off, right? You mean a lot more to me than that, Sakaki... er, Yumiko.
Yumiko: ...Guuh...
Yuuji: Don't groan at me. I really do love you, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Y-You're such a... stupid penis-brain! How can you stare into my eyes and say a line like that while you've got such a giant boner...? It's not exactly convincing... when I can feel your penis quivering, you horny idiot...
Yuuji: All right, guess I'll have to try even "harder"! How's this for convincing!?
Yumiko: ...Wha... Oh come on! It's cramped enough in here! Why is this thing getting even bigger!?
Yuuji: Ugh... I'm not sure... I can be this convincing for much longer...
Yumiko: Honestly... you really are an idiot...
Yumiko: Go on, come while your classmate watches... let out all that hot, smelly semen...
Yumiko: You can moan more if you want to, okaaay? Here, I'll make you feel even better... there... there... there...
Yumiko: Do you want to come? Where do you want to come? Want to try making my hand pregnant? Or maybe you'd prefer to fertilize my mouth...?
Yuuji: ...Uu...
Yumiko: Come on, hurry up... hury up and come... Let out all that stuff you've got stored up in there... give in to the pleasure...
Yumiko: Haa... haa... nh, nh, ngh!
Yuuji: Ugguh!!
Yumiko: ―Kya!?
Yumiko: Honestly, "ugguh" yourself...
Yuuji: Aah, now that was an orgasm...
Yumiko: Well, of course it was. Could you perhaps have given me a word of warning beforehand? It was a bit startling... and good lord, this really does smell...
Yuuji: I warned you, didn't I? Silly Sakaki.
Yumiko: Don't call me "silly"... And by the way, you just came all over my face... mind explaining why this thing hasn't gotten any smaller...?
Yumiko: Get your act together before I decide to just rip it off...
Yuuji: Ow! That hurts, okay!?
Yumiko: Then hurry up and make it smaller...
Yuuji: Uh, sorry, no can do. I haven't come enough yet.
Yumiko: Excuse me...? Look at all this! You're saying this wasn't enough!?
Yuuji: Are you being serious right now? You really expect me to be satisfied with a single orgasm? 
Yumiko: ...I think you're the one who's being ridiculous here... Tell me, are you actually an idiot? Are you, in fact, a penis-brain?
Yuuji: You kind of like that "penis-brain" thing, don't you?
Yumiko: Uh... yes. Just a bit...
Yuuji: Anyway... help me out here.
Yumiko: Pardon? What's that supposed to mean? You want me to get you off again?
Yuuji: Yep. Can't expect any different from a penis-brain, right?
Yumiko: You can't be serious... if this place gets any more smelly than it already is, I won't be able to breathe...
Yuuji: Is that a no?
Yumiko: ...Do you even know what the word "thoughtfulness" means?
Yumiko: Oh, all right... I'll use my mouth this time... As long as I, uh... swallow it... the smell shouldn't get much worse...
Yuuji: Ah, very true. You're a clever one, aren't you?
Yumiko: Are you mocking me?
Yumiko: Well, whatever. I'm going to... get started again...
Yumiko: Nn... *Smack* *smack* *lick*... nn, nnfh... hah...
Yuuji: Mm, nice. That feels good...
Yumiko: Honestly... what on earth am I doing in this dingy little closet?
Yuuji: Most people refer to what you're currently doing as a "blowjob." Try to remember that one.
Yumiko: That's not what I meant!
Yuuji: Just for the record... it makes me really happy that you're willing to do this for me, Sakaki.
Yumiko: ...I swear, you only sweet-talk me at times like this... You really do fight dirty, you know that...?
Yuuji: I'm pretty well aware, yes.
Yumiko: Oh, forget it. Just focus on your lower body, all right...? I'll make sure to do this properly...
Yumiko: *Smack* *kiss*... nnfh... phew... nngh...
Yumiko: Pwah... not that I was expecting any different, but the head's all gooey with semen...
Yuuji: I sort of thought women actually liked it that way... but maybe I was under the wrong impression?
Yumiko: I'd say you were indulging in a typical male fantasy, really. Think about it yourself... would you really enjoy having to lick a woman's genitals when they're covered in some strange, smelly fluid?
Yuuji: Can't say I mind, really.
Yumiko: Seems our minds work on different wavelengths... I suppose we'll have to break up...
Yuuji: ...Well, all right then. What a pity...
Yumiko: .........
Yuuji: ...!!! Uhm, would you mind not biting my penis off?
Yumiko: Don't talk about breaking up with me in the middle of a blowjob!!
Yuuji: Sorry... you're the one who brought it up, but sorry... my bad...
Yumiko: Honestly! I can't believe you! *Slurp*... *slurp* *slurp*, *lick*... *Smack* *smack* *smack*...!
Yuuji: Ah, yeah... that's good... that feels really good...
Yumiko: Don't look at my face! First you make me lick this smelly thing, now you gaze down on me from above!? Who do you think you are!?
Yuuji: Can you stop constantly talking about how smelly it is? I've got a thick skin, but it's still kind of hurtful.
Yumiko: You could have just gone limp earlier and spared me this indignity...
Yumiko: Nnfh, nh... *smack*, hahn... *smack*, *kiss*, *sluuuuuurp*...
Yuuji: # **...Kuh...**
Yumiko: ...! Nnfh! Nn! *Slurp* *sluuurp*! *Sluuuurp*!!
Yuuji: Classic Sakaki... For all your complaining, you're still putting a lot of effort into this... 
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: *Smack* *slrp* *smack*... *lick*... hah...
Yumiko: I have to say, though... the way it twitches every time I touch a sensitive spot makes this very awkward...
Yumiko: And of course, it's gotten even bigger than before somehow... hom... nn, nnnh...
Yumiko: *Suuck*... nn, haah... haa... *smack* *smack*... *smack*... *smack*!
Yuuji: ...Nn... Yeah, it's definitely more sensitive now. I think the second shot might come a lot faster...
Yumiko: Hahn... In that case, I'll focus on the head... so we can get this over with as soon as possible...
Yumiko: Nph... *lick*, *lick*... *lick*... *lick*...
Yuuji: Kuh... Wait, when did you pick up this technique?
Yumiko: Well... I knew that I wasn't much good at this... so I've been trying to study up a bit, that's all...
Yuuji: Mostly on the internet, right?
Yumiko: ...Yes! Mostly on the internet! Now stop pestering me and tell me if this feels good...
Yuuji: Yeah. Pretty damn good.
Yumiko: ...I see.
Yumiko: Hahn, nn, nnn... *slurp* *slurp* *sluuurp*... nnn, *shlrp*!
Yuuji: Hey... Don't suck that hard, or I'll come in no time...
Yumiko: Pwah! That's the whole reason I'm doing this, remember...? Don't you dare try to hold it back just so you can enjoy yourself a little longer...
Yuuji: Well, this is a special occasion and all. What's wrong with savoring it?
Yumiko: Nn... mm... you can "savor" it... next time, all right!? I'll do this again if you just ask! Nn... *slurp*...
Yuuji: You mean that?
Yumiko: Oh, just shut up and come in my mouth already... *kiss*, *kiss*, *slurp*, *sluuuurp*!!
Yuuji: Guh! This is amazing... it feels way better than I was expecting!
Yumiko: Hihuh habe you heel heben heber, ho huhhy hup... nnfh, *smack*, *slurp*, nnnh...
Yuuji: I can't really understand what you're saying, but keep up the good work.
Yumiko: Fuh, mn... nn... nngh, puh... *smack*, *kiss*, nnnmmh...
Yuuji: Nngh... my waist's going numb...
Yumiko: *Smack*, *slurp*... heaby het? Ho you hab hohe home hor me...? Nnn... *sluuurp*!
Yumiko: Npuh... ho hon, ho hit... nph, *slurp*, *slurp*... *suck*... hah... nnn, *sluuurp*! *Slrrrrrp*!!
Yuuji: Kuh... Seriously, I can't understand a word you're saying! Shit... I'm gonna come, all right...?
Yumiko: Fmmngh! Nn, nnh!! *Sluurp*... *slurp*! *Sluuuurp*!!!
Yuuji: Kuuuh!!
Yumiko: ―Nnngh!?!
Yuuji: Uu... ah, aah... hah...
Yumiko: Nnnfh! Fuh, nn, nnnh... haa, nnh... nnngh...
Yuuji: Aaah... it finally stopped, huh?
Yumiko: .....
Yumiko: Nnfh, haah... nngh, nn... *gulp*... *gulp*... *gulp*!
Yuuji: Uh, hey... you don't have to force yourself to swallow it, you know?
Yuuji: Then again, if you just spit it out the smell's gonna get even worse... Oh, I know... maybe you could just hold it in your mouth...?
Yumiko: Ho hay... hat's hross... nngh, haa... haaa... haa...! Nngh, so bitter...
Yuuji: Did you swallow it all?
Yumiko: Nn... Yeah, somehow...
Yuuji: Impressive work.
Yumiko: Ugh, geez... there's still some left... arrgh... *smack*, *smack*... *Sluurp*, *slurp*, *sluuuurp*...
Yuuji: Whoa... you trying to suck the last bit out of my urethra...?
Yumiko: *Sluuuurp*... *Slurp*, *sluuurp*... nn, nngh...
Yumiko: Hah, nngh... *lick*... *smack*... hah, *smack*, *smack*... nnfh, *sluuurp*... *slurp*!
Yuuji: Kuh... not bad, Sakaki!
Yumiko: Nn, uh, nhaah... haa, haa... haa... haa... haa...
Yuuji: Look at you gobbling it down, Sakaki! Way to put that stuff you saw on the internet to work, Sakaki!
Yumiko: Haa... haa... Okay. Let me punch you now, please. In the face...
Yuuji: Wait, why?
Yumiko: It's not like I swallowed that because I wanted to! It would have made the smell worse if I spit it out! And I'm just trying to wring as much as I can out of you so you won't get another erection!
Yuuji: Ah. Figures, I guess. Doesn't really seem like it would be particularly tasty...
Yumiko: It's vile... one of Suou-san's magazines said you'll develop a taste for it eventually, but that's got to be a lie.
Yuuji: Yeah, probably. I think most people just don't want to hurt their man's feelings by admitting how nasty it is, so they sort of force themselves to swallow it.
Yumiko: Absolutely true.
Yuuji: Pretty sweet of them, in a way.
Yumiko: So what!? Should I not have said it's disgusting, then!? Well, it WAS disgusting! Absolutely vile! Why don't you try swallowing it yourself!?
Yuuji: Hmm... I think I'll have to pass on that one.
Yumiko: And anyway, what's going on here!? You're still hard, for crying out loud!! You said this thing would get smaller if I made you come, didn't you!? This is fraud! Fraud!
Yuuji: Hmm... guess I'll see you in court, then...
Yumiko: Can I bite you now!?
Yuuji: Well, depends on where.
Yumiko: ...*Chomp*...!!
Yuuji: Ooh!!
Yumiko: What the... Why did that make you harder!? You stupid pervert! It's getting big all over again!
Yuuji: Come on, don't get so cranky. I think the others should be leaving the bath pretty soon, anyway...
Yumiko: ...True enough.
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Ooh...
Yumiko: ...!
Yumiko: Argh, honestly! You really are the worst!!
Yuuji: Hey! Watch it, Sakaki...! Stop thrashing around!
Makina: ...Hrm? What's that sound!? Is someone there!?
Amane: Hmm? Well, this building's really old... it's probably just the wind or something.
Sachi: No, I believe it was a ghost. Curse yoooou... I'll feast on your booones...
Makina: Noooohoooo! Gyahahahahaha!!!
Michiru: Ugh, come on! Can't you people at least bathe without making a racket!?
Sachi: Bumooo.
Michiru: Bumoooo!
Yuuji: .........
Yuuji: ...Bumooo...
Yumiko: Be quiet!!
Narration: *Before too long, the other four girls finally head out of the bath, and we're freed from our cramped, smelly prison.*
Narration: *Although that's obviously something of a relief for both of us, Sakaki seems to be under the impression that new trespassers might barge in at any moment; I have to grab her by the hand to keep her from rushing right out.*
Narration: *The girl's still covered in semen, for one thing. If she ran into one of the others outside looking like this, they'd no doubt cart her off and subject her to a vigorous interrogation.*
Narration: *And since I was the one responsible for this state of affairs, I'm soon demonstrating my contrition by washing off Sakaki in the manner of a grade-schooler cleaning up a bedraggled puppy they found outside in the rain.*
Yuuji: You know, Sakaki... you've got a zit on your back there.
Yumiko: ...What? No way...
Yuuji: See? Right here.
Yumiko: Hey, wha... don't touch it!
Yuuji: Well, I'm not going to pop it or anything... doesn't it itch, though?
Yumiko: Now that you mention it... I do feel a bit of an urge to scratch back there...
Yuuji: That long hair of yours probably played a part in this. What's the name of that "silicone-free" shampoo Amane uses, again? You should try borrowing some from her.
Yumiko: ...I'll just buy some myself...
Yuuji: I really don't think she'd mind helping you out a little.
Yuuji: ...All right, I think you're clean enough now.
Yumiko: ...Wabluff!
Yumiko: Geez! Don't dump hot water over my head so suddenly! Why do you have to be so rough!?
Yuuji: Oh, sorry. Figured you'd be all right, since the water's kind of lukewarm... did I startle you?
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: What is it? Something the matter?
Yumiko: ...That still hasn't gone away...?
Yuuji: Hm? Oh... you talking about my little friend? Don't worry, it'll settle down on its own sooner or later.
Yumiko: ...Well... I suppose I'd be willing to let you go one round, if you really insist...
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: W-What...?
Yuuji: Nothing. I was considering saying something like "That's a pretty superior tone you're taking there, but I think you probably just got kind of turned on during our little adventure in the locker." Thought better of it, though.
Yumiko: ...All right, I'm getting out of the bath now.
Yuuji: Ah! Hey, wait! What happened to that offer?
Yumiko: The idea no longer seems appealing. I'll spit over there for you, so why don't you just press your nose to the ground and pleasure yourself to the smell of my saliva? See you later...
Yuuji: Look, I'm sorry. My bad, okay? Have mercy...
Yumiko: Do you want to do it that badly?
Yuuji: Yeah, absolutely.
Yumiko: W-Well... all right then, I suppose...
Yuuji: Much appreciated.
Yumiko: Uhm... I don't stink anymore, do I?
Yuuji: Hm?
Yumiko: Oh, come on... I'm asking if I still smell like your semen...
Yuuji: No, you're fine.
Yumiko: ...Really?
Yuuji: Hrm... *Sniff* *Sniff*...
Yumiko: What the... Don't press your nose up against me... that tickles...
Yuuji: Mmm... smells like Sakaki...
Yumiko: ...Geez... You're such an idiot...
Yuuji: Well, a woman who falls in love with an idiot is stupider than he is.
Yumiko: Why do you always feel the need to mock me...?
Yuuji: Guess I can't blame you for taking it that way, given the way I behave sometimes...
Yuuji: But I'm grateful that you followed me here, Sakaki... and I'm happy that you're a part of my life.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: If you really mean that, Kazami-kun... then for tonight, at least... treat me like I'm really your lover...
Yuuji: ...Of course.
Yumiko: Nn... *kiss*, *smack*... *smack*, nnn...
Yumiko: Hoo... nn, nnn... *lick*, *kiss*, *smack*, *smack*... nhaaah...
Yumiko: Sweet talk aside, you're still not wasting any time getting down to business...
Yuuji: It felt like the right thing to do... Was I reading the mood wrong?
Yumiko: W-Well... after the way you bullied me inside that locker, I suppose it's kind of nice to feel desired...
Yuuji: In that case, why don't I kiss you again?
Yumiko: Okay...
Yumiko: Haamn... *smack*... *smack*, haah... Kazami-kun...
Yumiko: Keep... wrapping your tongue around mine... mmm... Hug me so hard it hurts...
Yuuji: Sakaki...
Yumiko: Fwaah... ahhn... *lick*, *lick*, nnn... *lick*, *kiss*, *smack*....
Yuuji: I'm going to touch your breasts now, all right?
Yumiko: Nnn, *smack*, hoo, nnnh!! Nn... nnfh, nnn... hahn...
Yumiko: Hold... on a second... you're squeezing them, not "touching" them...! Nnn, *smack*, *smack*... fnnh...
Yuuji: Hrm... back in the old days, you probably would have slapped me in the face if I tried to grope your chest like this. You've gotten a lot more tolerant, Sakaki...
Yumiko: Haa... haa... It's your fault that I changed, Kazami-kun... so you'd better make it up to me...
Yuuji: In other words... you'll let me off the hook if I give you the best orgasm of your life?
Yumiko: Honestly, you really do think like a sailor... ahnn... fwaahn! Ah, haah...
Yuuji: Did you expect anything different at this point?
Yumiko: Just the thought of you touching me... makes me feel strange... You don't always... have to be so... aaahn!
Yuuji: That didn't hurt or anything, right...?
Yumiko: Nhaah! Don't... pinch me there... nnnh! You're going to... make me squeal...
Yuuji: You're awfully sensitive already...
Yumiko: Well... we were touching each other for all that time... in such a cramped little space... Anyone would be at least a little affected by that...
Yumiko: ...But just to be clear... I'm only doing this because you looked so uncomfortable, all right?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's all my fault. I'm not even being sarcastic... feel free to blame me for everything...
Yumiko: There's still a part of me that's incredibly embarrassed just to be seen naked, you know...? Don't make me humiliate myself even further...
Yuuji: Of course... I completely understand...
Yumiko: Nnnngh! Nn, *kiss*... *smack*, hah... nnn, *lick*, *lick*... haahn... *chomp*...
Yuuji: Ouch. Don't bite me, woman...
Yumiko: But... I've been holding back so long...
Yuuji: Yeah, same here... I've been dying to do this ever since we ended up in that locker...
Yumiko: In that case... hurry up and touch me more...
Yuuji: Don't mind if I do.
Yumiko: Fwaaahn, aah... Kazami-kun... your hands are... moving so lewdly...
Yumiko: Ahah, nn! This is... too much...
Yumiko: I can't... haahn... keep my body from twitching...
Yuuji: Hrm... I think your breasts have gotten a little bigger lately, Sakaki. Wonder if it's got anything to do with how much I've played with them...
Yumiko: Nhaahn... They've been growing a little... ever since I started doing... this sort of thing with you... 
Yuuji: Well, growth is always a positive thing...
Yumiko: So... fwaahn! If you keep doing this to me... ah... they might get even larger... nnnngh!!
Yuuji: C'mon, don't thrash around like that.
Yumiko: I can't... help it! Oh, honestly... I'm more than ready, Kazami-kun... don't keep me waiting...
Yuuji: All right then.
Yumiko: Ah...
Yuuji: Good, good. Looks like you're nice and wet.
Yumiko: For crying out loud... I'm starting to think you're inherently incapable of understanding the concept of "tact"...
Yuuji: I'm going to rub up against you for a second, okay?
Yumiko: You're going to... do what...? Nn! Nnn...
Yuuji: Well, I need to get my penis lubricated, right?
Yumiko: Ah... I suppose so... fwaah, ah... ahn...
Yuuji: So I'm just going to push it right up against your vagina...
Yumiko: Nnngh! Nh, ahn... h-hold on a second... you're just making love to my thighs now...
Yuuji: You might say that, yeah.
Yumiko: Nnkuh, nn! I can feel you... pressing against me...
Yumiko: Ahhn! W-Wait, no... don't rub upward so much... you're poking against it...
Yuuji: Hmmm...? What's this, then?
Yumiko: You're ready by now, aren't you? What's taking so long...?
Yuuji: I mean, I'd love to put it in right away... but my little friend keeps slipping... 
Yumiko: Aaahn! Ahn, ah... nnn...!
Yumiko: Haa... haaa... haa... you're doing this on purpose, aren't you...?
Yuuji: Damn, she saw through me.
Yumiko: Please... haven't you teased me enough by now? I can't take any more of this...
Yuuji: I'd like you to state your request more specifically.
Yumiko: ...!
Yumiko: P-Put your penis... in my vagina!
Yuuji: Very well!
Yumiko: Ugh, you jerk... h-hurry up already...!
Yumiko: ―Fwaaaaahnn!!
Yuuji: Aah, it slipped right in. Your pussy's nice and warm, Sakaki...
Yumiko: Nnn, nngh... your penis... is so big...
Yuuji: We haven't done this in a while, have we... Did that hurt?
Yumiko: I'm fine... it's just a bit of a tight fit, that's all. You can... start moving now...
Yuuji: All right.
Yumiko: Nhaah... ah, ah, aaah... nn!
Yuuji: Damn, Sakaki... you're already incredibly wet...
Yumiko: Haaah... ah... Why are you... moving so slowly...?
Yuuji: Just put up with it for now... When you start thrusting real hard right off the bat, it can cause some nasty little cuts.
Yumiko: But... but... nnngh! This isn't enough... It's driving me crazy...
Yuuji: Kuh... Damn. The walls of your vagina are clinging really tight when I try to pull back...
Yumiko: There's no use complaining about that to me... My body's doing it all on its own...
Yuuji: Sounds like you're a dirty girl, Sakaki.
Yumiko: You idiot...! Ahhn, nnh...
Yuuji: On that note... think I'll push in a bit further now...
Yumiko: Fwaaahn! Ahn, ah, ah, aaah... hah!
Yumiko: You're poking me... all the way, nn... at the back...
Yuuji: You really like it when I thrust lightly against the back and the entrance of your pussy, don't you?
Yumiko: Wha...!? Why do you... know...
Yuuji: Don't be silly. I know everything about you, Sakaki.
Yumiko: Nhaaah... ahn, Kazami-kun... Kazami-kun...!
Yuuji: Guh, you're squeezing a lot harder all of a sudden...
Yumiko: Yes... that one was... intentional...
Yumiko: What you said made me a little bit happy, so... I wanted to... give you more pleasure...
Yuuji: Sakaki...
Yumiko: Don't... hold back on my account... Thrust all you like...
Yumiko: There's no point in doing this... unless you're enjoying it...
Yuuji: Well, I think just holding each other in our arms is meaningful enough... but don't worry, I won't hold back.
Yumiko: Fwaaah! Ah, ahhn! You keep... going after the back walls... aaahn!
Yuuji: Can you feel the head of my cock... pressing up against the mouth of your womb?
Yumiko: Yes... yes! You're poking right at my sweet spot... again and again... 
Yuuji: All right then... I'll keep thrusting at it until you're soaking wet...
Yumiko: Nhaaah! Haah, ah! Nnngh... Y-You can't be serious...
Yuuji: I think you're aware by now, but sex with me can be pretty exhausting. Better brace yourself.
Yumiko: Brace myself...? Just what are you planning to... fwaaahn!
Yuuji: ...Well, for starters... I'm going to fuck you until your eyes are rolling back in your head, drool's running down your face, and you just whimper incoherently when I speak to you...
Yumiko: Eeek! Nooo... ah, aaahn! If you keep poking against the back like that... I won't be able to keep my voice down...!
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. We're the only ones here now... you can squeal all you want.
Yumiko: Well, yes... nn, but... when I make sounds like that... I make the most obscene faces...
Yumiko: It's still, fwaah, nn... embarrassing...
Yuuji: It's fine. No matter how ridiculous the expression on your face might get, you're still Sakaki Yumiko... my feelings for you are never going to change...
Yumiko: Ahah, ahn! Not... the back again! Nngh! Nhaaah...
Yumiko: When you put it like that, nn... I can't even argue anymore...
Yuuji: Guess that settles it, then. Why don't you show me your true nature?
Yumiko: Geez... nn, do you have to put it that way...? Nngh... you really are... a bully...
Yuuji: Yeah, sorry. I'm something of a sadist by nature.
Yumiko: Aahn! Nn... now you're... moving back to the entrance...?
Yuuji: That's right. Just going to press down on your belly with my hand for a second... and thrust up at the ceiling of your pussy...
Yumiko: Haaahn! What the...? My stomach... feels so strange...
Yuuji: I know you like it when I grind around near the entrance, so I figured this would be right up your alley... what do you think?
Yumiko: Nn... it... feels good, but... it's something I've never felt before, so...
Yumiko: Aaahn! Ahn, nn... nnngh! Oh no, this... this is...
Yuuji: A bit addictive, huh?
Yumiko: Nngh... ah... my mind's... starting to go blank...
Yuuji: Good. Think I'll pick up the pace a little, then.
Yumiko: Nhaaah! Ah, no... you're moving even... faster than before...
Yumiko: Our bodies... are slapping t-together... it sounds so obscene...!
Yumiko: Fwaaah! No, this is... this is too much...!
Yuuji: Kuh... almost there, huh? Your walls are wriggling like crazy...
Yumiko: Ahaah... ah! Aaah! No... at this rate, I'm going to... come first...! Aah, aaah!
Yumiko: Nnn, nnngh, nn... nnnnnnngh!!
Yumiko: Fwaaaahn! Ahn, ah, aaah... nhyaaah!
Yuuji: You just came, didn't you...?
Yumiko: Y-Yes... I did... but you're... still moving inside me...
Yuuji: Seeing you orgasm like that got me about ready to come myself. Sorry, but I need to keep on going...
Yumiko: You can't... be serious! Nngh! I'm too sensitive right now... if you keep moving, I'll...!
Yuuji: You'll... what?
Yumiko: Ahaaah, aah... I'll be overwhelmed... by the pleasure... and climax again...
Yumiko: You're going to stare at my face... as I come...!
Yuuji: Guh... your walls keep twitching and clinging to my cock...
Yumiko: That's, ah... because you keep hitting my most sensitive spots, Kazami-kun...!
Yuuji: Guess I'll keep it up, then. Go on, Sakaki... come to your heart's content!
Yumiko: Nhaah! Hah, honestly... you're such a jerk, Kazami-kun... such a complete jerk...!!
Yuuji: Damn it... that hot fluid keeps pouring out of you...
Yumiko: Nhaaahn! Ahn, ahn! Oh no... it feels... so good...
Yuuji: Haha... you've got a really "obscene" look on your face right now, Sakaki...
Yumiko: I-I can't heeelp it...! You're thrusting... so hard... inside me...!
Yuuji: Yeah, true enough. Don't think you can get much wetter than this...
Yumiko: Uhn! Nn, nhaah! Aah... this is amazing...
Yumiko: You're moving... so fast... and rubbing against so many different places...!
Yumiko: It's like... you're churning up the inside... of my pussy...
Yuuji: Gotta say, though... you're seriously clamping down tight right now...
Yumiko: Well, I... want to come together! This time, I want you to come with me! Fwaah!
Yuuji: All right then, let's do this...
Yumiko: Nnn, ngh... I love you! I love you, Kazami-kun!
Yumiko: It would make me so... happy if you came with me... I want you to feel even more pleasure than I am...!!
Yuuji: Don't worry... I'm dying to come inside you right now, Sakaki...!
Yumiko: Go one, come... let it all out inside me!!
Yuuji: Here I go, Sakaki!
Yumiko: Aah, ah... I can feel another one... coming... a really big one...!
Yumiko: Nhaaah! Aah, ah, aaah... Yuuji! Yuujiiii!
Yuuji: Kuuh!! I'm coming!
Yumiko: Fwaah, ah... ah, nhaaaaaaaaah!
Yumiko: Nhaaaah, ah, ah... aaah...
Yuuji: Kuh, I can't stop...
Yumiko: Ahah, ha... haa... haa... haa...
Yumiko: Nngh... nn, nnn... you're still... ejaculating...
Yuuji: You all right there, Sakaki?
Yumiko: Yes... I think I'm all right... but I won't be moving for a little while...
Yuuji: Well... your hips are still twitching like crazy, yeah...
Yumiko: It's your fault, Kazami-kun. You didn't have to go so hard right after I came...
Yuuji: Well, I guess not. Anyway, since you're going to be lying there for a minute... why don't we just sneak in another round, real quick?
Yumiko: Huh...? Hold on... you have to be kidding, right? Please... I need to recover...
Yuuji: Hm. So that's a no...?
Yumiko: Oh, for crying out loud... Haven't you come enough for one day?
Yuuji: I could definitely keep going, actually... assuming you're up for it.
Yumiko: Honestly, you're completely insatiable... Sorry, but we're done for today!
Yuuji: ...Guh.
Yumiko: Don't "guh" me, you idiot...
Yumiko: And of course... now we end up having to rinse ourselves off yet again...
Yuuji: Yeah. There were a lot of sticky fluids flying around, after all.
Yumiko: But... if nothing else, at least we've gotten your little friend back down to his normal size...
Yuuji: Oh? Hold on a second, I can fix that in no time...
Yumiko: W-Wait... I wasn't asking you to make it bigger again! Don't look at me with those hungry eyes!
Yuuji: Hmmm. You sure you've had enough?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I wouldn't entirely mind continuing, honestly... but let's call it a day. I cerainly don't want to deal with the other girls complaining about me "monopolizing" you...
Yuuji: You don't have to worry about that. No matter what they say, you can just tell them it was all my fault. I'm the scumbag here... I definitely deserve all the blame...
Yumiko: Are you planning... to decide on one of us?
Yuuji: My sister keeps insisting that I try...
Yumiko: That wasn't the question. I'm asking about what you intend to do.
Yuuji: I'm not really sure... compared to picking one of you and making all the others miserable, I'd feel better just quietly disappearing by myself...
Yumiko: I certainly hope this doesn't have anything to do with why you took so long to get in touch with us after your escape from that Tartarus place...
Yuuji: .........
Yumiko: Unbelievable... you're just reaping what you've sown, you know?
Yuuji: Sorry...
Yumiko: Just for the record, you'd better not try to quietly sneak off this island by yourself. You wouldn't get far... and even if you did make your escape, I'd track you down relentlessly.
Yuuji: Damn, that's a scary thought...
Yumiko: Perhaps I've neglected to mention this before... but I'm actually a remarkably persistent woman.
Yumiko: And even if I did give up, Suou-san and Komine-san would probably keep looking for you for decades. 
Yuuji: ...Sounds plausible...
Yumiko: Are we clear, then...? Running away isn't an option for you...
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I got it.
Yumiko: Promise me!
Yuuji: Fine, fine. I promise... I won't run away...
Yumiko: Hmph...
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Damn, that was careless of me... there goes the "run for the hills" option...
Yuuji: ...!? Wait, you came back!? W-What's the matter!?
Yumiko: Lying to women comes naturally to you, doesn't it!? I'm not taking your word for this! You're going to give me your signature on a legally-binding document!
Yuuji: You've got no faith in me whatsoever, woman!!

Narration: *―This was just another manifestation of my past. Another obstacle I had to face.*
Narration: *If the man standing in front of me was a duplicate of myself, he was also something I had to overcome.*
Narration: *Specifically... he was the person I would have become if I'd never met Asako.*
Narration: *Typhon had never learned anything other than how to kill people. And as his "brother," I had an obligation to teach him the significance of that.*
Narration: *I reached down to pick up the case of boosters he'd thrown onto the deck.*
Narration: *My "brother" watched patiently, without the slightest sign of wariness.*
Narration: *Pushing the syringe to my neck and pulling its trigger, I felt the highly-compressed drug force its way into my bloodstream. Mere moments later, it reached my brain.*
Narration: *An intense sense of pressure spread across my entire body. There was a tingling sensation in the back of my nose; as numbness gave way to pain, my eyes bulged in their sockets, and the world went crimson.*
Narration: *It hurt.*
Narration: *My entire body hurt.*
Narration: *It felt like my eyeballs were going to burst out of their sockets; they bulged painfully in time with the beating of my heart.*
Yuuji: ...Nnn... nngh...!
Narration: *Trying to endure the overwhelming agony, I clenched my teeth so hard that one of them cracked.*
Narration: *Every pore in my body opened, releasing copious amounts of sweat.*
Narration: *And all of a sudden, everything I could see started to look like nothing more than an "obstacle."*
Narration: *You can't clean up without getting your hands a little dirty. In the pursuit of a larger objective, there are some costs you'll simply have to bear.*
Narration: *I couldn't expect to achieve my goal without using every tool at my disposal. And it wasn't as if I'd lived a clean enough life to worry about a little grime this late in the game.*
Narration: *As my muscles swelled with energy, I felt the blood that had rushed to my head slowly spreading back down through my body.*
Narration: *By now, all the anger and fear had melted away. My mind was strangely peaceful, devoid even of tension; but my limbs were trembling slightly.*
Narration: *They trembled with the urge to kill.*

Narration: *Fundamentally, the boosters were designed to remove the "limiters" that suppress your body's potential on a cellular level.*
Narration: *By eliminating your ability to feel pain, they enabled your muscles to produce dangerous amounts of power. Your senses would grow sharper; your glial cells would transmit nerve signals with otherwise impossible speed.*
Narration: *Essentially... for brief periods of time, the drugs allowed you to push your body in harmful ways that your unconscious mind would otherwise prevent.*
Narration: *There was a time, once, when I was compelled to serve as a test subject in an experiment involving multiple dosages of these booster drugs.*
Narration: *I broke four of my own bones, badly tore eleven different muscles, and was left in a coma for five days afterward. It took two weeks before my vision recovered enough that I could read small print.*
Narration: *If I dosed myself again right now, there was no chance I'd be in fighting shape for long. I needed to avoid that, given that a confrontation with Oslo still lay ahead.*
Typhon: ...I understand how you feel, but this is just foolhardy... You really are underestimating me, aren't you?
Narration: *At the sound of these words, I looked up from the case - and sensed a presence directly at my side.*
Narration: *"...There's another one!?"*
Narration: *Even as the thought ran through my mind, I realized that the man standing in front of me had disappeared abruptly from view.*
Narration: *It was as if he'd vanished into thin air.*
Narration: *In the unfavorable conditions of night, vague sensory perceptions can trick you into "seeing" things that aren't actually there.*
Narration: *It's the same reason that children with a fear of the dark can convince themselves they're surrounded by non-existent ghosts.*
Narration: *The instant I realized what had happened, all color seemed to fade from the world, and the silhouettes of everything around me grew indistinct.*
Narration: *Sensing imminent danger, my mind was rerouting all of the processing power it had committed to my vision and hearing, trying desperately to find an appropriate response...*
Narration: *But of course, it was already too late.*
Narration: *I heard my enemy's right hand and the knife it held cutting through the air. And in that moment, a heavy blow to the side of my head knocked every conscious thought out of my brain.*
Narration: *The lettering on the deck in front of me was reduced to a series of incomprehensible symbols; my legs wobbled under the weight of my own body.*
Narration: *Stars exploded violently before my eyes, and an unpleasant heat filled the back of my throat. It was a familiar sensation. I was on the verge of losing consciousness.*
Narration: *When you take a hit like that one, the natural human instinct is to curl up in the fetal position.*
Narration: *Your body tries to retreat from the pain, as if seeking the safety of your mother's womb.*
Narration: *I couldn't let myself fall.*
Narration: *If the soles of my feet left the ground, I'd lose the ability to counterattack.*
Narration: *I couldn't permit myself to fall.*
Narration: *When my mother and I were living together after fleeing my abusive father, I got sick of hearing that single mothers raised "wimpy" sons. I made a point of stubbornly staying on my feet no matter how badly I got knocked around.*
Narration: *My mother really was a weak person. But they didn't know the first thing about either of us, and I couldn't let myself give in to anyone who made fun of her.*
Narration: *My distorted field of vision was growing dark. There was nothing to grab on to. I tried to brace myself, focusing on the feeling of the deck beneath my feet; but in that instant, I was struck in the back of my knees.*
Yuuji: ...Guh...!
Narration: *No matter how stubbornly you try to resist, a sharp kick to a flexible joint will force it to bend.*
Narration: *On pure conditioned reflex, I lashed out with my arm in an attempt to obstruct my enemy's movements at least slightly...*
Narration: *But the man grabbed it easily and turned my body's momentum against me.*
Narration: *By pulling my arm forward as my legs gave out under me, he sent me pitching face-first toward the deck. A heavy shock jolted my brain; I felt my skull bounce up off a sheet of unyielding metal.*
Narration: *I wasn't sure exactly what had just happened to me.*
Narration: *There was a fire raging inside my skull. And when I forced my eyes open, they couldn't see anything.*
Narration: *By the time a little light began to return to the world, a knee pressed down on me from above, and one of my arms was twisted painfully behind my back.*
Typhon: I'm sure you've seen plenty of idiots die without even using all of their strength. Can't you understand that this isn't the time to be stubborn?
Narration: *The voice that came from above was full of condescension, but also tinged with something like disappointment.*
Typhon: You're not even worth fighting if you can't evade an attack like that, Nii-san...
Narration: *Murmuring "I suppose I could just kill you right now, but...", Typhon paused for a moment, then reached out for the case of boosters that he'd tossed onto the deck earlier.*
Yuuji: ...Guh... no... stop...!
Typhon: You can always throw me off if you really want to stop me... assuming you're willing to sacrifice your arm.
Narration: *The shoulder of the arm he'd immobilized was locked at the very limit of its range of movement.*
Narration: *Forcibly moving it would dislocate the joint and tear my muscles, rendering the entire arm completely useless.*
Narration: *Under these circumstances, that would be a heavy price to pay.*
Narration: *Apparently sensing my hesitation, "Typhon" reached down and pressed a syringe to my neck.*
Yuuji: ...Ggh!!
Narration: *Before I could squirm away, the highly-compressed drug forced its way into my bloodstream... and mere moments later, it reached my brain.*
Narration: *An intense sense of pressure spread across my entire body. There was a tingling sensation in the back of my nose; as numbness gave way to pain, my eyes bulged in their sockets, and the world went crimson.*
Narration: *It hurt.*
Narration: *My entire body hurt.*
Narration: *It felt like my eyeballs were going to burst out of their sockets; they bulged painfully in time with the beating of my heart.*
Yuuji: ...Nnn... nngh...!
Narration: *Trying to endure the overwhelming agony, I clenched my teeth so hard that one of them cracked.*
Narration: *Every pore in my body opened, releasing copious amounts of sweat.*
Narration: *And all of a sudden, everything in the world started to seem incredibly irritating.*
Narration: *Above all else, the painful pressure of that bastard's knee on my back was absolutely infuriating.*
Narration: *No matter what the cost, I had to knock this obstacle out of my path. Everything I'd done up until now would be meaningless if I didn't.*
Narration: *My honed muscles screamed with pain as my body forced them past their limits.*
Yuuji: Nnaaaarrrghhh!!!
Narration: *"Snap."*
Narration: *The sound seemed to come from inside my body, not the outside world. Had I broken a bone? Or had my rational mind finally given way?*
Narration: *I couldn't feel any pain.*
Narration: *Ignoring the loud protests of my joints, I rose violently off the ground, pushing my "brother" up with my back.*
Typhon: Oh? Now that's more like it, Nii-san. Very nice! I knew you had it in you!
Narration: *From somewhere above me, I heard Typhon celebrating, his voice full of childish glee.*
Narration: *He was actually enjoying this.*
Narration: *In that respect, he resembled Oslo far more than me.*
Narration: *That infuriated me all over again.*
Narration: *He was dangerous.*
Narration: *This thing was dangerous.*
Narration: *When I pushed up again, more forcefully than before, my "brother" hopped off me without offering any real resistance.*
Typhon: Too bad you didn't play along from the start. You wouldn't have had to sacrifice an arm...
Narration: *As I slowly rose to my feet, I found myself staring into a bizarrely cheerful face.*
Narration: *There was a definite resemblance, all right. But that just pissed me off even more.*
Narration: *Had all the people I'd killed until now died looking at that face?*
Narration: *All the more reason for me to put this thing down myself.*
Yuuji: ...Are you even human?
Typhon: Not so sure myself, to be perfectly honest. I do get that a lot... you know, "what are you, a monster?"
Typhon: But I'm sure it isn't any different for you, is it? We were both "recreated" in the form of a flawless assassin, after all...
Typhon: We're defined by our skill and the results we produce. If we fail, we die. They distinguish us with numbers, like swine; when we fall, they don't count us as "casualties." There are many just like us, waiting to take our places...
Typhon: Can you really call us human beings? Might be a stretch... Any thoughts, Nii-san...? How do I learn to shrug those questions off as casually as you?
Yuuji: ...How the hell should I know...?
Yuuji: It would be a little easier to kill you if you were something else... That's the only reason I asked...

Oslo: Hrm... not bad, Yuuji. I was expecting to see Typhon dragging you into this room, honestly...
Oslo: Well, he did keep you busy longer than I expected, but I suppose a copy can't hope to beat the original... He wasn't fit to serve as your replacement...
Oslo: It's true for you, and it's true for your sister as well. The genuine article always proves itself superior.
Oslo: I'm going to be abandoning my efforts to seize the Thanatos System. Now that original's no longer part of the bargain, I'm not much interested in a collection of copies.
Oslo: That said... if you're willing to rejoin me, Yuuji, that should change things considerably. Your sister would almost certainly come to me of her own free will.
Oslo: As long as she can be at her brother's side, she'd live happily in the very depths of hell... That's the kind of woman she is.
Oslo: Think about it. Your parents were worthless deadbeats, but living under their roof didn't seem to bother her at all.
Oslo: I'm sure she found them utterly ridiculous, but she supported them anyway... entirely for your sake. No matter how useless they were, she understood that you needed them around, since you weren't a genius like her.
Oslo: Had things continued as they were, you might have grown up into a relatively typical man harboring a relatively typical level of resentment toward your parents...
Oslo: But I suppose even "Thanatos" herself makes miscalculations from time to time, hmm?
Oslo: In any case, you've got a chance to live with your sister again, if you're interested. What do you say?

Oslo: I have to say, though... you're in rather rough shape...
Oslo: I think you might have handled this a bit more smoothly in the old days... but I guess Typhon gave you a real run for your money, eh...?
Oslo: Have you grown weaker in your time apart from me... or was that copy better made than we thought...? Very interesting...
Yuuji: .........
Oslo: It does seem like you killed him in the end, though... That's a pity. We invested quite a lot of money into the production of that particular tool...
Oslo: Remember that big hospital we brought you to a few times, during your aptitude tests and those clinical trials? You saw the babies we were mass-producing there, didn't you...?
Oslo: It was the site of our "baby factory," remember? The place where female specimens that passed our tests were impregnated via artificial insemination...
Oslo: Well, there was a time when one of the specimens managed to escape that factory...
Oslo: This was a top secret facility that only a few people in my organization were even aware of, and we certainly didn't want its existence being made public. We were quite desperate to track her down, you understand?
Oslo: We managed to catch up to the specimen while she was crossing an open plain in her bare feet, but... I suppose I shouldn't have authorized the use of lethal force...
Oslo: Instead of securing her alive, they blew her upper body off with an anti-materiel rifle. Her corpse tumbled to the ground, landing in a muddy puddle.
Oslo: And when they went to examine it... they found that the impact of the fatal shot had pushed her fetus out of her. It was squirming around in the water next to her...
Oslo: And that baby, you see, would later become your friend Typhon... through an extensive process of genetic manipulation.
Oslo: Ah, incidentally... the female specimen in question was also an acquaintance of yours. You know... what was her name again? That girl we put you up against for your graduation test. Remember her?

Yuuji: .........
Oslo: Yuuji? Are you listening?
Yuuji: ...I...
Narration: *I hadn't come all this way to listen to this shit...*
Oslo: ...Whoops...
Narration: *I'm not a strong person at all.*
Narration: *I just don't know when to give up.*
Narration: *I'd spent eight whole years of my life trying put the past behind me...*
Narration: *And I didn't know if killing this man would even change anything.*
Narration: *I was just lashing out at him. Letting my rage push me forward.*
Narration: *But even so...*
Narration: *I'd made Heath Oslo my goal.*
Narration: *Unless I overcame him, I'd never be able to move on.*
Narration: *And that...*
Narration: *Was why I'd come here.*
Oslo: ...Honestly now. It's been ages since we saw each other, and you jump right to this? Who's put a bee in your bonnet?
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Oslo: Then again, I suppose it's not surprising...
Oslo: By now, the drugs have robbed you of all reason. You probably don't even recognize me as anything other than an "enemy"...
Oslo: Very impressive, Yuuji. There's no anger or hatred in those eyes... not even resentment. You're a killing machine, throwing itself reflexively at its target...
Yuuji: ...Nwah!
Oslo: So be it, then... You want the key for that bracelet of yours, I assume? I'm wearing it around my neck. Right here, see?
Oslo: You've got five minutes left before the countdown ends... If you manage to take this away from me, feel free to do whatever you please...
Oslo: But of course, I have no intention of simply handing it over to you.
Oslo: We don't have much time. This isn't exactly how I planned things out initially, but I'm going to get my hands on you... even if it means killing you.
Oslo: Bizen Osafune, Ju-emon, Enbun Kanemitsu...
Oslo: Quite some time ago, Kusakabe Asako launched a raid on one of my "baby factories," and ended up leaving this sword behind in the body of my right-hand man...
Oslo: ...It would be rather poetic to lose your life to a blow from your master's old blade, don't you think?
Oslo: ...Hmph...
Narration: *"...It's impressive that you crawled all the way up here with that pathetic toy of a knife..."*
Narration: *"But the game's clearly at an end... the light has faded from your eyes. You're just reacting reflexively to the movements of my blade..."*
Oslo: Hrm... the drugs were too effective, it seems. Have you lost what was left of your soul...?
Narration: *"And even in this condition, you continue to fight. Was the hypnotic suggestion placed on you really that potent...?"*
Narration: *"Do you truly have such a powerful reason to fight, Yuuji...?"*
Narration: *"Perhaps it's your family... your beloved sister?"*
Narration: *"Or a woman... someone waiting for your return?"*
Oslo: Whatever the case... there is no substance to these things! With the loss of a single life, they fade into nothingness! They are far too slim a reed to lean upon!
Oslo: Come back to me, Yuuji! Your only home is at my side! Your family? Your women? I'll kill them all!
Narration: *"There are only two ways to influence human beings. You must either give them something, or take something away from them."*
Narration: *"In your case, Yuuji... it's definitely the latter."*
Yuuji: ...Gh...
Oslo: ...You can't even see anymore, can you...?
Oslo: Have your senses grown so numb that you don't even realize the blade of your knife has been severed...?
Yuuji: ...Uh... gh...
Oslo: You've torn all of your muscles to shreds... It must take a terrible effort just to stay on your feet...
Oslo: But even knowing that the cause is hopeless, you still can't bring yourself to back down...?
Oslo: Well then... I suppose you'll simply have to die...
Yuuji: ...Gah... hah...
Oslo: Most unfortunate...
Oslo: Time's up, Yuuji...
Oslo: It's quite possible you were trying to stall long enough for that bomb to go off and take me with you, but I'm afraid that was overly optimistic...
Yuuji: .........
Oslo: This duel is over. I really was hoping to obtain you alive, but I'm afraid you didn't leave me much choice...
Yuuji: ...Nnn... Guhh...!!
Oslo: ...Wha... Yuuji!? What the...!?
Yuuji: ...The weakness... of longer blades... is their effective range...
Oslo: ...Kuh...!
Yuuji: ...You don't... need a gun... to kill someone... or a blade, for that matter... Anything with a sharp point will do... even an ordinary ballpoint pen...
Yuuji: ...You're the one who taught me that, Oslo-san...
Oslo: Guh... Get off me!!
Oslo: ...Gah... this... can't be...
Yuuji: ...Tough luck, idiot...
Yuuji: I'm... going home...
Yuuji: I'm going home... in one piece...
Yuuji: I promised... I'd make it back...
Narration: *But of course...*
Narration: *That wasn't going to be easy, given the way he'd skewered me...*
Narration: *Would it be best to pull the sword out while I still had the strength to do so...?*
Narration: *Maybe so... but if I botched the job, I'd have no chance of stopping the bleeding...*
Yuuji: First things first... the bomb...
Narration: *I reached out to Oslo's immobile body.*
Narration: *For an instant, I felt a twinge of fear that he might jerk upright and grab my wrist... but the man wasn't immortal, of course.*
Narration: *My eyes weren't working too well.*
Narration: *Groping around Oslo's still-warm chest, I managed to find the dimple key fastened to a ball chain around his neck. I ripped it free and pushed it into my bracelet's keyhole.*
Narration: *Given Oslo's sadistic personality, I was a bit worried it might turn out to be a fake, but fortunately that wasn't the case.*
Narration: *As the metal band released its grip on my wrist, I brought my face close to its tiny display. The countdown had frozen with two minutes and seventeen seconds remaining.*
Yuuji: ...Haaa...
Narration: *It was over.*
Narration: *I couldn't help breathing a sigh of relief. But as I did so, I felt my body relaxing - and my mind beginning to drift.*
Narration: *That wasn't good.*
Narration: *If I fell asleep now, I wasn't going to wake up again.*
Narration: *I needed to get out of here, but my body wouldn't move.*
Narration: *At this point, I'd definitely lost a dangerous amount of blood. In video game terms, my "hit points" were probably down to the single digits.*
Narration: *The first order of business was getting this sword out of my gut. Resting on the ground wasn't even an option with it stuck in me... I'd only be able to lie on my side.*
Yuuji: ...Guhhhh!!
Narration: *Well... this wasn't going so well...*
Narration: *When I pulled on the sword, the muscles in my stomach tightened around it to prevent it from moving; and as my body swayed, the tip of the blade scratched loudly against the floor. The sound made me want to vomit.*
Narration: *It might have been wiser to leave it in place, but the thing was just too awkward...*
Narration: *Breaking off the blade would have helped with that... but I didn't want to abuse my master's old weapon if I could help it.*
Yuuji: If I don't do something fast... I really am going to die...
Narration: *The real issue was that I'd been trying to pull it out using only my own strength.*
Narration: *Wrapping both hands around the hilt of the sword in preparation for one final attempt, I maneuvered myself so that its tip was touching the floor behind my back... and then let myself fall backward.*
Yuuji: ...Gwah!!!
Narration: *The weight of my own body pushed the blade up and out of my stomach.*
Yuuji: ...Gwah... ah... haa... haa... kuh...
Narration: *I'd gotten the damn thing out.*
Narration: *Hadn't exactly been pleasant, of course... It felt like I'd ripped out my own insides.*
Narration: *I had... to stop the bleeding right away...*
Narration: *First of all... I needed to sew this up from the inside... stitch the skin together... and then get some tape around it...*
Oslo: "How remarkably reckless..."
Yuuji: ...!?
Narration: *Was this... Oslo's voice...?*
Yuuji: ...You can't be... serious...
Narration: *Turning my head fearfully to the side, I saw that Oslo was still lying on the floor with a ballpoint pen jammed in his eye. It didn't look like he'd somehow come back to life.*
Oslo: "...In any case... it seems the 'original' won out yet again..."
Narration: *The voice I'd heard was coming from a speaker in the ceiling.*
Narration: *It did sound like Oslo's voice, but it seemed oddly... timeworn. I couldn't make sense of it.*
Yuuji: Who... are you...? Where are you hiding...?
Oslo: "...Ah, my apologies..."
Narration: *The room's entire floor began to vibrate intensely, and I heard a mechanical door sliding slowly open somewhere behind me.*
Narration: *Still clutching the sword I'd pulled out of my gut, I turned and saw the bookshelves on the wall rotating to expose a gloomy room beyond.*
Oslo: "...In the end, a copy is only a copy. No matter how sophisticated the reproduction, it can never surpass the genuine article..."
Yuuji: ...Who... the hell are you...?
Oslo: "Let's see... I suppose you might call me the real Heath Oslo... or the original one, at least..."
Yuuji: ...Hmph... Sure took your time showing up... Wanted to wait... until I couldn't even stand, huh...? God damn it... this is the worst...
Oslo: "Come now. A man of my years can't go about exposing his withered frame to the public gaze. Try to have a little sympathy..."
Yuuji: ...So the man I thought of as "Oslo" until now... was just a copy of you, huh...?
Oslo: "Well... Perhaps it would be more appropriate to call him a man who followed in my footsteps..."
Oslo: "It's said that the name 'Heath Oslo' first rose to prominence in the early 1970s... but in reality, it's the name of a philanthropic organization over 160 years old..."
Oslo: "The man you just killed was nothing more than a figurehead for the organization we call Heath Oslo... its avatar, if you will..."
Oslo: "...To be precise, he was my offspring, produced through artificial means... but in the end, he was only a copy... an imitation of myself. Despite his nostalgia for the early 1970s, the man wasn't even alive at the time..."
Yuuji: ...What are you, then...? What is "Heath Oslo"...? You're not just an arms dealer...?
Oslo: "The term arms dealer certainly has negative connotations... but essentially, we are overseers of war..."
Yuuji: Overseers... of war...?
Oslo: "War is a game of sorts, Kazami-kun..."
Oslo: "You need a partner to play it with. One of appropriate strength, who will lose at an appropriate moment..."
Oslo: "That is Heath Oslo's role... That is what we provide."
Oslo: "Certain nations possess enough might to destroy this planet many times over... But no matter how many wars break out across its surface, no massive calamity ever upsets the balance of the world. Why do you think that is?"
Oslo: "It is because of us... because Heath Oslo controls those wars."
Yuuji: That's... completely ridiculous...
Oslo: "Thirty percent of human society is composed of evil men; the virtuous are ten percent at most. All the rest are merely hypocrites. And hypocrisy easily gives way to evil..."
Oslo: "Wars can start at any time, in any place, far more simply than you know..."
Oslo: "And as their superficial righteousness transforms into malice, many nations forget how to lower the swords they've drawn... Accordingly, there's a need for an organization that can guide conflicts to a smooth resolution..."
Oslo: "Simply snatching weapons away from the belligerent will never put an end to war. Human beings don't learn a thing until they suffer for their foolishness... as you must be aware."
Oslo: "Someone has to keep on giving them their weapons, or this world will cease to function. And I'm sure you can understand me when I say that pain makes an excellent teacher..."
Oslo: "Humanity is a race of parasites, eating away at its own planet..."
Oslo: "And so, there must always be someone to keep them under control... an exterminator to inflict pain on the swarm when it is necessary. An overseer of war... a Heath Oslo..."
Oslo: "I know it may be difficult to appreciate the larger picture at your age... But as a consequence of this incident, tensions have been defused in a region that was on the brink of conflict. That is simply a fact..."
Yuuji: Oh yeah...? So basically, you came out here to tell me... that I'm a stupid kid... who doesn't know anything about the world...?
Oslo: "Unlike the Oslo you just murdered, I'm nothing but a decrepit old man. I can't violently subdue everyone who disagrees with me. And so I expose myself to you in all my ugly frailty, in the hope my words might persuade you..."
Oslo: "All that said... you're probably going to die within the next ten minutes if I keep prattling on like this. Let me get straight to the point..." 
Oslo: "I want you to become the next Heath Oslo..."
Yuuji: ...Are you insane...?
Oslo: "Relax, my friend. It's not as if I'm asking you to save the world. You'd simply watch over it, and ensure its stability... A simple enough task, really..."
Oslo: "With you and your sister at the helm, it won't be difficult to maintain the 'peace' that we've created..."
Yuuji: ...My sister...?
Oslo: "That's right. She was the real reason I attempted to steal the Thanatos System, you know...?"
Oslo: "She will be the brains... and you will be the brawn..."
Oslo: "If I'm not terribly mistaken... your sister has already hypothesized that you might have this conversation with me... And she's probably predicted how you will respond to my offer, as well..."
Oslo: "Everything is in your hands now. What is your choice?"

Narration: *―This was all pretty sudden. I couldn't make heads or tails of it, honestly.*
Narration: *At times like these... what would Kazuki say, if she was at my side?*
Narration: *The answer was obvious enough.*
Narration: *She'd tell me to make up my own my mind.*
Narration: *And what would Asako have said, if she was alive?*
Narration: *Her advice was always the same.*
Narration: *"When you're uncertain, take another step forward."*
Narration: *Don't just sit around waiting to see how things play out. Take action and shape the outcome yourself.*
Narration: *When you make your own decision and carry it out yourself, you're not allowed to regret the results - no matter what they might be. If you're not satisfied yet, you just keep trying.*
Yuuji: ...All right. I did kill my predecessor here, so I guess it's my responsibility to clean up the mess... I'll take the job...
Narration: *―And so...*
Narration: *I became Heath Oslo―*
Narration: *I wanted to be useful to the woman I loved.*
Narration: *For that simple reason, I spent years of my life struggling desperately through pain and danger.*
Narration: *I made myself stronger. And if you asked me why, I would have answered instantly: it was all for Asako's sake.*
Narration: *But when I lost Asako, I also lost that clarity of purpose. For a time.*
Narration: *If you asked me the same question now... I'd probably say that I want to protect the things I care about. The people I care about. And the country that nurtured them.*
Narration: *I've stopped running away from this world.*
Narration: *I put on the red suit that marks me as a rebel, standing against hollow "righteousness" in the name of a greater good... and became the third (?) Heath Oslo, inheriting both the chair he sat in and his duties as an overseer of war.*
Thanatos: ...Are you brooding again?
Yuuji: ...Is it that obvious?
Thanatos: The Thanatos System knows everything, remember...?
Thanatos: ...You're probably just asking yourself if you really made the "right choice," aren't you? As always.
Yuuji: .........
Thanatos: I did predict you might assume this role, and I made preparations for that eventuality. That's why I'm here with you now...
Thanatos: If you want to protect the world, then I'll protect you in turn... There's no reason to worry. I don't make mistakes...
Yuuji: Great. Could you try to wear actual clothes, though...? Thanks to you, there are rumors flying around that the new Oslo has a taste for little girls...
Thanatos: My, what a comical misunderstanding... You may be sexually attracted to your sister, but that doesn't mean you're interested in children...
Thanatos: ...Right?
Yuuji: Hilarious... Look, can you at least stop following me around half-naked everywhere I go...? It looks like I'm forcing you to dress that way or something... Talk about embarrassing...
Thanatos: It's too much of a bother to change every time I head back into the "tank"...
Thanatos: And it's not like you mind, do you?
Yuuji: Nah... I kind of enjoy it, actually...
Narration: *Ultimately, my sister Kazuki chose to reconnect herself to the dormant Thanatos System - so that she could use it to assist me.*
Narration: *The copy cores handle the everyday number crunching, but she periodically links up with the system to optimize the processing of the information it's gathered.*
Narration: *Sometimes, she needs to immerse herself in a Coffin Link System "tank" multiple times in a single day. So rather than changing clothes constantly, she's opted to spend most of her time very nearly nude.*
Narration: *At the end of the day, this world's a pile of shit. Someone has to keep things under control.*
Narration: *When a war's about to break out, I set off an ugly fight somewhere nearby so they'll have second thoughts. When the fighting starts up anyway, I make sure it ends as quickly as possible.*
Narration: *I'm the enemy of all humanity. It's the nature of my job.*
Narration: *Someone will come for me eventually, as I came for my predecessor. But for now, I simply wait - and contemplate the idiocy of mankind.*
Kazuki: ...Hey, Osurou...
Yuuji: I really wish you'd stop calling me that, Nee-chan... There's no point making it a Japanese name...
Kazuki: The girls from Mihama are still waiting on that island, hoping that you'll return...
Yuuji: I see...
Kazuki: Why don't you at least tell them you're alive?
Yuuji: .........
Kazuki: You don't want them to see how much you've changed?
Yuuji: ...They're better off never hearing from me again...
Yuuji: I don't know what I could possibly say to them, anyway...
Kazuki: Ah, yes. Are you beginning to understand why I couldn't bring myself to tell you that I was alive?
Yuuji: ...Nee-chan...
Thanatos: ...It hurts, doesn't it? You can cry if you want. I'll be right here to comfort you...
Thanatos: ...*Sniff*... *Sniff*... On a different note, Yuuji... when's the last time you took a bath?
Yuuji: Uhm... yesterday morning, maybe...?
Thanatos: You smell a bit sweaty. Let's take a bath later, shall we? If you're a good boy, I'll help you wash yourself.
Yuuji: Oh, please... you'd enjoy that more than I would... Why don't you ask nicely for my permission...?
Thanatos: My goodness. Do you want to wash me instead, Yuuji? Is that what this is about?
Yuuji: .........
Thanatos: ...Osurou...?
Yuuji: Seriously, stop calling me that...
Thanatos: ...Do you still regret becoming Heath Oslo...?
Yuuji: No... at the end of the day, the world's a pile of garbage... there's no paradise to be found in it...
Thanatos: In that case, we just have to make one. Simple enough.
Thanatos: You decided to transform this world into a paradise. And so, you became its enemy... That's all there is to it, really...
Yuuji: Are you really all right with this, Nee-chan...?
Thanatos: It's fine by me... From the very beginning, my dream was to remake the world itself for your sake...
Thanatos: So I'm quite happy with this outcome, in my own way...
Yuuji: Nee-chan...
Thanatos: ...Don't worry. It doesn't matter if the whole world hates you... I'll still love you more than anyone else...
Narration: *My name is Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *My occupation: enemy of the entire world.*
Narration: *Every day of my life, I wonder if I truly made the right choice.*
Narration: *But whatever the case may be... the world remains a peaceful place.*

Narration: *―Grappling with complicated questions was never my strong suit.*
Narration: *The man wasn't wrong. I was just a stupid kid, barely even aware of what was happening right around me.*
Narration: *And if the world needed the help of an idiot like me to keep itself together, then it might as well just fall apart.*
Narration: *I already had my hands full just protecting the women I cared about, thanks―*
Asako: "Yeah, the world's a pile of shit. I'm not gonna tell you otherwise. At the end of the day, everyone's just looking out for themselves..."
Asako: "But you don't understand how kind a place it can be, kid..."
Asako: "Just look at it, Yuuji! The world's fucking beautiful, isn't it!?"
Asako: "And here's the thing... People are pretty stupid, but we're not dumb enough to let our trash heap keep rotting away forever..."
Asako: "You'll realize all that eventually... But until then, just work your ass off to make your own little corner of the world nice and peaceful. That's good enough for a snot-nosed kid, yeah?"
Narration: *Yeah... sounds good, Asako...*
Yuuji: ...An overseer of war...? Who the hell do you think you are...?
Yuuji: We've got to move past all that on our own... No one asked for your "help"...
Yuuji: This world... and the people in it... aren't as weak as you think...
Yuuji: We're not going down that easily... and we're not going to give up, either...
Yuuji: I learned that much... in that school...
Narration: *Tensing the muscles in my torn stomach, I squeezed my right hand into a fist against the floor... and found myself holding Asako's old sword.*
Narration: *It felt like a reminder of what I needed to do. As my fingers curled around its cold hilt, I felt a new surge of energy flooding back into my exhausted body.*
Narration: *I rose to my feet using the sword as a crutch, turned to face the withered man before me, and tightened my grip on my weapon.*
Oslo: "...Wait. What do you intend to do...?"
Yuuji: Well, I figured I'd kill you, for starters...
Oslo: "You can't be serious! Are you insane!? Do you even understand what you're doing!?"
Yuuji: ...I don't really like accomplishing things through murder, you know...? It's an ugly way to get what you want...
Oslo: "...Guh...! Destroying me is the same as destroying this world! Can't you see that!?"
Yuuji: ...I broke your controller... Tough luck. Guess you can't run away anymore...
Oslo: "Stop this madness at once! I refuse to believe you're this foolish!"
Yuuji: Appreciate the vote of confidence... Why don't you extend it to humanity as a whole...?
Oslo: "If this world crumbles, the people you love will perish with it!"
Yuuji: I think we'll get by just fine without a decrepit old geezer like you hanging around... We've got plenty of those already...
Narration: *On closer inspection, I realized there was some sort of life-support equipment integrated into the wheelchair Oslo sat in.*
Yuuji: What's going to happen to you if I cut the cables connected to this wheelchair?
Oslo: "Stop it!!"
Yuuji: In the words of my old friend, Daniel Bone... "The more they say stop, the more I want to go. I'm a kid at heart, you know?"
Yuuji: Of course, I'm not quite as childish as Danny... but I am a total sadist...
Yuuji: On that note, I'm going to give you a fighting chance...
Oslo: "A fighting... chance...?"
Yuuji: Take a look at this... it's the time bomb your subordinate strapped to my wrist a few hours ago. I don't know the exact details, but it supposedly packs quite a punch...
Yuuji: I'm going to put this thing on you... There's two minutes left on its timer...
Oslo: "...What's the meaning of this!?"
Yuuji: Let's call it a "gamble"...
Yuuji: To get this bracelet off your wrist, you need to use the key...
Yuuji: It's lying on the ground over there... maybe three meters away from you...
Yuuji: To disable that bomb, you'll need to get down out of your busted wheelchair and crawl your way over there...
Yuuji: Will you reach the key in time... or will the timer tick down to zero...?
Yuuji: By the way... if you croak on your way over there, the bracelet's sensors will instantly set off the bomb. Pretty thrilling stuff, don't you think...?
Oslo: "...If this thing explodes, you won't be able to escape either!!"
Yuuji: Yeah... that's what makes it a gamble. If that happens, it happens... We'll die together, I guess. Bye now...
Oslo: "Stop this!! Take this bracelet off me at once!! There's still time to reconsider this madness!!"
Yuuji: Don't worry. Sooner or later, I'll end up in the exact same place you're going...
Yuuji: Let's meet again sometime...
Narration: *By becoming Heath Oslo, I could have manipulated the world as I pleased. I could have brought about real change.*
Narration: *That's what that deranged old man wanted me to believe, at least.*
Narration: *Of course, I wasn't interested in his delusions.*
Narration: *I had a place to go home to.*
Narration: *There were people waiting for me.*
Narration: *―I had to get back.*
Narration: *Back to where?*
Narration: *―I didn't know, but I had to make it there anyway.*
Narration: *Where was my "homeland" now, exactly...?*
Narration: *Pausing for a moment, I stared down at the sword I'd been using as a walking stick. A memory of Asako rose up before my eyes; she was sitting in the shade of a cherry blossom tree, drinking sake.*
Yuuji: ...This is how it should be... right, Asako...?
Narration: *As I murmured these words, a fleeting smile spread across her face.*
Yuuji: ...This is... how it should be...
Narration: *From somewhere far away, the faint smell of blossoms wafted through the air.*
Narration: *I had to go back. *
Narration: *To the place where cherry blossoms bloomed―*
Narration: *To the place I truly belonged―*

Narration: *I thrust my knife tentatively toward Typhon's face, my hand shaking slightly against its handle.*
Narration: *Naturally, he avoided this lackluster initial attack easily enough.*
Narration: *But as I stepped forward, I pivoted sharply on the big toe of my leading foot, changing my half-hearted thrust into a vicious slice.*
Narration: *There isn't any need to take your enemy down with a single stroke of your knife.*
Narration: *You just need to make his life miserable. To persistently harass him, over and over again.*
Narration: *Over time, he'll grow irritated and lose his ability to think rationally. Eventually, he'll either charge forward to deal a decisive blow, or you'll catch a hint of fearfulness in his eyes. That's when you go for the kill.*
Narration: *At the end of the day, a knife fight boils down to repeatedly harassing your opponent while enduring his attempts to do the same. Not so different from war itself.*
Narration: *But of course, my "brother" knew those fundamental rules just as well as I did.*
Narration: *And so, he knew exactly how to leave himself subtly open to attack, tempting me into pressing forward too aggressively.*
Narration: *By the time I realized I'd been manipulated, he'd blocked my stroke with his own blade, sending an unpleasant jolt through my arm. We paused for a moment, smiling wryly at each other with our faces only inches apart.*
Typhon: ...Interesting. When you're attacked by someone exactly like you, it's easy to understand how all your victims must have felt... You're one dirty bastard, Nii-san...
Yuuji: I don't want to hear that from you, of all people...
Narration: *As our criss-crossed blades ground against each other, I glanced quickly around me, and then pulled my leading foot backward half a step while pivoting on my rear leg.*
Narration: *I wanted to launch a kick into Typhon's flank. But my brother had anticipated that something was coming from the subtle shift in the pressure of my knife. The instant I made my move, he spun quickly away, turning his back on me.*
Narration: *The words "oh shit" flashed through my mind, but it was already too late. As both of my feet stopped moving, Typhon's leather boot stabbed deeply into my side.*
Yuuji: ...Guh!!
Narration: *He'd swung his slender leg around like a whip, landing a direct hit to my flank as I stood frozen in an unbalanced position. My organs screamed at the jarring impact; gastric juice squirted out of my mouth and nostrils.*
Narration: *If I bent over and dropped to my knees, he was going to pin me down instantly.*
Narration: *Adrenaline surged through my veins; goosebumps spread across my body. But instead of trying to brace myself, I let my body fall forward and swung my knife at my enemy with desperate force.*
Typhon: ...Hngh!
Narration: *When attacked with a knife, you can't just retreat backward in a straight line. Your enemy can easily transition to a thrust and close the distance between you.*
Narration: *Some people run away reflexively. Some people stop moving. Some people stare fixedly at their enemy's blade.*
Narration: *Some people can't think ahead to their next move in the middle of every thrust and parry. And some people make their intentions too obvious, failing to lure their opponent into mistakes.*
Narration: *All of those people end up bleeding out on the floor.*
Narration: *In a knife fight, you have to slip into your opponent's blind spots as you evade their attacks. Ideally, you want to get in behind their dominant arm.*
Narration: *But if you can't secure the perfect position, you retreat - letting the enemy push you to the very verge of disaster.*
Narration: *And that's when you collapse into them.*
Narration: *Someone right in front of your feet can actually be even trickier to deal with than someone positioned directly behind your back.*
Narration: *Swinging your knife straight down leaves you dangerously off-balance. And if you try to counter with a kick instead, you're inviting the enemy to slash at your legs from their lower stance.*
Narration: *Rather than risk that kind of damage, it's better to retreat from the threat in front of you, even if it means abandoning your attack entirely.*
Narration: *My vision clouded by sweat and tears, gastric juice burning in my throat, I swung my knife down at the pivot leg I'd glimpsed out of the corner of my eye.*
Narration: *"Well, he dodged that..."*
Narration: *Still, I'd forced him to abruptly lift the leg that was supporting his weight. He'd be too off-balance to move.*
Narration: *Clinging to that thread of hope, I raised my head toward my enemy... and found myself looking into the barrel of a gun.*
Yuuji: ...!!!
Narration: *Typhon had a knife in his right hand and a pistol in his left.*
Narration: *While I was swinging my knife frantically around, he'd simply brought the gun to bear as he evaded.*
Narration: *Whether he could actually hit me wasn't the issue. The barrel of a gun is a formidable weapon in itself.*
Narration: *The instant someone turns a pistol on you, your mind focuses exclusively on its line of fire, and your body swings itself out of the way.*
Yuuji: # **...Kuh...!**
Narration: *Trying to escape the barrel pointing at my head, I turned my neck with unnatural force.*
Narration: *A ball of reddish light burst from the muzzle; a split-second later, just as the flash began to fade, a bullet sliced just past my ear and grazed my neck.*
Narration: *My "brother" hopped diagonally backward on one leg, looking something like a pedestrian trying to avoid a sudden splash of mud from a passing car. Swinging up the rifle in my left hand, I pulled the trigger without pausing to aim.*
Narration: *There wasn't much chance I'd actually hit him.*
Narration: *My first bullet cut through empty air; the second curved astray; and the third flew well over his head.*
Narration: *All I needed to do was buy myself enough time to get back on my feet.*
Narration: *Of course, Typhon knew exactly what I was thinking, and he wasn't about to just let it happen.*
Narration: *I tried to bring the barrel of my rifle to bear once again, but he trained his lighter pistol on me a heartbeat more quickly.*
Narration: *"He's going to hit me!"*
Narration: *Reacting instantly to the danger, I swung my rifle out in front of my face. The first of the three shots he fired bit forcefully into its polymer receiver.*
Narration: *"Damn it...!"*
Narration: *Tucking my damaged rifle against my chest, I rolled backward along the deck, then pushed myself up with my shoulders and took aim at my enemy.*
Narration: *When I pulled the trigger, the rifle fired a single shot and fell silent.*
Narration: *The selector was still pointing to "A." Holding down the trigger should have kept the rifle firing until its magazine was empty. *
Narration: *That first shot had probably left the bolt carrier hopelessly warped. Glancing down, I saw the unejected cartridge stuck between the bolt and the lip of the ejection port, emitting a small trail of white smoke.*
Narration: *"...Tch..."*
Narration: *I steadied myself on one knee and pulled on the bolt handle, but found I couldn't bring it back even half of its usual range. By now, the gun was nothing more than a blunt instrument; without hesitation, I hurled it at my enemy.*
Narration: *The rifle spun through the air like a boomerang, heading directly for Typhon's face.*
Narration: *I followed in its shadow, stepping quickly forward from my low kneeling position - but even as my "brother" knocked the rifle aside with his knife, he brought his pistol to bear on me.*
Narration: *Ordinarily, it's nearly impossible to perform complex movements simultaneously with both your right and left hand.*
Narration: *All the more so when you're talking about something as challenging as instantly deflecting a flying object while also aiming a gun.*
Narration: *But when you're an experienced knife fighter, who's learned to look for your next target even as you're killing the previous one...*
Narration: *It's possible to keep track of multiple incoming threats without even looking around, almost as if you have eyes in the back of your head.*
Narration: *When a knife comes whistling through the air, you block it at its exact center of gravity. For a true professional, that isn't even anything special.*
Narration: *"That's right. Look at my eyes."*
Narration: *"Look at my eyes and try to guess what I'm doing next."*
Narration: *"You know how this works, don't you?"*
Narration: *"It's much easier to attack than to defend."*
Narration: *There's only one step to going on the offensive: launching your attack.*
Narration: *But the person defending has to both perceive that attack and then counter it. Two steps.*
Narration: *No matter how unnaturally sharpened your senses might be, that fundamental numerical difference can't be completely eliminated.*
Narration: *My "brother" could only fend off my attacks because we were very similar creatures, and our minds worked in very similar ways.*
Narration: *When you can anticipate an attack, it's possible to block it.*
Narration: *In that case, I'd just have to attack in a way he couldn't possibly anticipate.*
Narration: *Simple as that.*
Yuuji: ...Here I come...
Narration: *Bending my leading leg at the knee, I charged shoulder-first toward Typhon, hiding my lower abdomen from his view.*
Typhon: Wha...!?
Narration: *Ever since I was a little kid, I'd trained myself to be quick on my feet.*
Narration: *Leaning forward as I slipped into range, I managed to land a solid, forceful headbutt.*
Narration: *It was like something out of a brawl between two kids.*
Narration: *I knew a thing or two about scrapping, of course. I'd learned from the very best.*
Narration: *My master always was a bit of a thug, all too willing to solve her problems through violence.*
Typhon: ...Guh... kah!?
Narration: *"Thugs" tend to be dimwitted, although they're also surprisingly shrewd.*
Narration: *But my master also taught me that craftiness can only get you so far.*
Narration: *I'd sat through her lessons day in and day out, trying my best to study as she poked me in the head with a stick.*
Narration: *Thanks to a truly excessive amount of effort, I'd managed to pick up a few clever little tricks that your average dimwit wouldn't be able to pull off.*
Typhon: ...Guh...
Typhon: You... goddamn...!!
Yuuji: ...Kazami-style Self-Defense, Bare-hand Pistol Snatch... Pretty cool, right...?
Typhon: Don't get cocky, asshole!!
Yuuji: You took the words right out of my mouth...
Narration: *His body quivering with rage, my brother glared at me with a new intensity in his eyes.*
Narration: *Those were the eyes of a man possessed by violence.*
Narration: *Those were the eyes of someone who'd been granted "strength" instead of earning it through experience.*
Narration: *It was the exact same way my father had glowered at me, drunk on the power his money gave him. It made me sick to my stomach.*
Narration: *"What's the matter, kid? First time you've gotten shot...? It does hurt, doesn't it? All that blood pulsing through your stomach really makes your guts scream..."*
Narration: *You tense your muscles to try and stop the bleeding, but it only surges out all the faster.*
Narration: *Once you've lost enough blood, your muscles begin to stiffen, losing their explosive power.*
Narration: *When you realize that time isn't on your side, you start to panic.*
Narration: *You can't hesitate, or you'll stop moving entirely.*
Yuuji: ...Don't get too cocky yourself, little brother...
Typhon: ...!!!
Typhon: ...Gah...!
Narration: *With Typhon focused on fending off my knife, I'd fired a 11.4 mm 260 grain big-game hunting bullet into his gut at point-blank range.*
Narration: *The pistol in my hand, too huge and clunky to be a particularly practical weapon, had previously belonged to Oslo's subordinate Travis.*
Narration: *I'd plucked it out of his severed hand and slipped it under my belt earlier, thinking it might come in handy if I needed to blow the lock off a door.*
Typhon: ...Gwah! Ah!! Aaaaaaaaaaagh!!!
Narration: *It was impressive he hadn't died instantly. The caliber of the bullet wasn't the only relevant factor, but he'd basically taken a .454 Casull to the stomach, and he was still capable of screaming... You didn't see that every day.*
Narration: *I'd seen chunks of meat burst out of his gut. Blood vessels had burst all around the point of impact; the sudden spike in blood pressure had surely taken a severe toll on his heart and brain.*
Narration: *I wouldn't have thought anyone other than Asako could be tough enough to survive a shot from a gun like this.*
Typhon: Ah... ga... gaha...! Gaaaaaaaah!!!
Yuuji: That hurts, doesn't it...? Well, then again... I guess that's the least of your worries...
Narration: *Writhing on the deck, my "brother" stared up at me furiously with eyes full of crimson-red blood vessels.*
Narration: *Pink, foaming drool dripped from his mouth; red tears were trickling down his cheeks. Even the piss running down his legs was bloody.*
Yuuji: ...Hold on a second. I'll put you out of your misery...
Yuuji: ...Hmm?
Yuuji: ...Damn... out of bullets, huh...?
Narration: *The pistol could only hold five of those absurdly enormous cartridges at a time.*
Narration: *I'd counted the shots Travis took, but the overly complex mechanism on the swing-out cylinder was annoying enough that I hadn't bothered to double-check how many bullets were left inside.*
Narration: *I'd either have to pick up the gun Typhon had thrown aside earlier, or finish him with my knife - at the cost of some potential pain.*
Narration: *But as I was thinking it over, my "brother" reached inside his shirt and pulled out another case of booster drugs.*
Typhon: ...Ah... hah... gaha...! U-Urrrgh...!
Yuuji: ...Shit!
Narration: *For an instant, I could almost hear Asako's exasperated voice in my ears.*
Narration: *"How many times do I have to tell you, kid? Finish the damn fight when you've got the chance. You always screw up at the worst possible times."*
Yuuji: Not happening...!!
Narration: *Quickly kicking the case of syringes out of Typhon's hands, I pressed my knee down on his chest, pinning his thrashing body to the deck.*
Narration: *I'd just have to do this the hard way.*
Narration: *But as I raised my knife and looked down at my "brother's" bloody, wide-eyed face, my thoughts began to move in unproductive directions.*
Narration: *Even as my rational mind screamed "kill him," the faces of my victims rose up out of my memories.*
Narration: *People who hesitate at times like these end up dead. I had to kill him now, or I'd be the next to go.*
Narration: *I knew that, but I still couldn't move. The face of Zoe Graham, daughter of a man I'd murdered, wouldn't leave my mind.*
Narration: *It wasn't relevant. This thing was practically a part of me.*
Narration: *I had an obligation to kill him with my own two hands.*
Narration: *―What reason could there possibly be to let him live...?*
Typhon: Haha... hahahahaha!! Ahahahahah!!!
Typhon: This is... exactly why... they call you "defective goods," Nii-san!!!
Narration: *All of a sudden, my "brother" was pressing a syringe to his own neck.*
Narration: *Just as I'd hidden a gun under my clothes, he'd apparently kept a spare supply of the boosters stashed away somewhere.*
Typhon: Ugh... ah... aaaaaaaaaAAAAHH!!
Narration: *Spasming like an electrified frog, Typhon jerked his back up off the deck and sent me stumbling backward.*
Narration: *The hairs on the back of my neck were standing up on end; every pore in my body was open.*
Narration: *The smell of murderous rage was so thick in the air that it almost felt like I was breathing in poison.*
Narration: *As my "brother" slowly rose to his feet, heedless of the gaping hole in his abdomen, I saw something like steam rising up from his body.*
Narration: *How the hell could he even stand...?*
Narration: *Of course, I'd heard stories about soldiers who'd walked kilometers back to their home base with their guts spilling out of their stomachs...*
Narration: *Was it all just sheer willpower, then?*
Narration: *I couldn't understand it. What was keeping that man on his feet?*
Yuuji: ...Buh...
Narration: *Before I even realized the attack was coming, it had connected.*
Narration: *The punch itself was a perfectly ordinary right hook.*
Narration: *He hadn't stepped toward me. I hadn't seen any preliminary motion in his shoulder. But in the blink of an eye, he'd smashed his fist into the side of my face.*
Narration: *At first, I didn't know what had happened to me.*
Narration: *As the world distorted before my eyes, my toes curled up reflexively, and my skull creaked under the strain... I finally realized that I'd been struck.*
Yuuji: ...Fngh...!!
Narration: *Reeling backward, I threw a hasty punch of my own.*
Narration: *It was a big swing. Completely telegraphed.*
Narration: *My fist cut through empty air.*
Narration: *Just below it, I caught a glimpse of Typhon's silver hair.*
Narration: *By the time my mind processed that he'd ducked under the punch, he'd landed two vicious blows to the side of my gut.*
Yuuji: ...Gohah...!!
Narration: *One of my right ribs broke and jabbed into my lung, forcing a strange gasp from my throat.*
Narration: *"Not good..."*
Narration: *If he damaged my lungs, I wouldn't be able to breathe properly.*
Narration: *And if I couldn't breathe properly, my muscles would eventually stop working.*
Narration: *It doesn't matter how "tough" or "determined" you are.*
Narration: *An engine can't run without gasoline, and the human body can't move without oxygen.*
Narration: *My legs swayed unsteadily beneath me. *
Narration: *Taking advantage of the way my body was tilting, I launched a sudden roundhouse kick.*
Narration: *This time, I felt my attack connect...*
Narration: *But he'd defended himself with a cross-arm block.*
Narration: *There wasn't any point pushing forward. I didn't have the momentum to break through.*
Typhon: ...Hahah!
Narration: *He was laughing.*
Narration: *My "brother" was actually laughing - and his voice was full of genuine glee.*
Narration: *The blade of his knife cut down through my flesh, stopping when it hit my collarbone.*
Narration: *Once again, there'd been no advance warning whatsoever. The attack hit me before I even knew it was coming.*
Narration: *Even a close-range combat specialist takes a tenth of a second or so to launch a strike, but Typhon's movements were just instantaneous.*
Narration: *This wasn't anything so simple as a difference in our reaction times.*
Narration: *His murderous malice was so overwhelming that it concealed his intentions completely; every attack felt like a bolt from the blue.*
Typhon: So slow... It feels like you're standing still, Nii-san...!
Yuuji: ...Kah...!!
Narration: *My "brother" fired off a kick of his own, returning my earlier attack in kind.*
Narration: *His leg lashed into my unguarded solar plexus, forcing the air from my lungs before I could even cry out. Knocked completely off my feet, I tumbled backward across the hard metal deck.*
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Narration: *I couldn't breathe properly.*
Narration: *My eyeballs were quivering so intensely that I could barely see a thing.*
Narration: *My body felt as heavy as lead, and the cold deck beneath me seemed to be draining the warmth from my limbs.*
Narration: *This was not good. I had to get up. I had to get up right now. If I let myself drift off, I wasn't going to open my eyes ever again.*
Narration: *I knew all that, but my body just didn't want to move.*
Narration: *It felt a bit like that time I'd nearly bled out on the ground after taking a shot from a rifle.*
Narration: *How had I gotten myself out of that one...?*
Narration: *I seemed to remember... jerking my jaw down... and yelling "c'mon, c'mon" at myself... until I could move again.*
Yuuji: ...Gahah...
Narration: *Wasn't happening this time. When I opened my mouth, all that emerged from it was a bloody froth.*
Narration: *As my fingers curled up, they brushed against something cold.*
Narration: *I realized instantly what that "something" was.*
Narration: *A case of booster drugs.*
Typhon: ...Haha... go ahead, Nii-san. Use them...
Narration: *Typhon must have kicked me this way deliberately, knowing that the boosters were lying there.*
Narration: *The kid really was too cocky for his own good.*
Narration: *Was he that sure that his own "big brother" couldn't possibly beat him...?*
Narration: *I could kind of understand that, actually.*
Narration: *Not too long ago, I'd almost convinced myself that I'd surpassed Kazuki.*
Narration: *Apparently, overconfidence ran in the family.*
Narration: *Reaching out with trembling fingers, I took a syringe from the case and pressed it desperately to my neck.*
Yuuji: ...Uh... guh! Gah! Haaagh!!!
Narration: *A burst of brilliant white light exploded before my eyes.*
Narration: *Suddenly, my body was boiling with heat. My muscles swelled up inside of me, and my bones groaned under the strain.*
Narration: *The pain was maddeningly intense. A powerful force was ripping my body apart; a vise was clamping down viciously on my head.*
Narration: *My heart was moving so fast that I thought it might explode.*
Narration: *What was this? 200 beats per minute?*
Narration: *Blood surged through my veins, reinvigorating every cell in my exhausted body. I was suddenly bursting with energy - like a candle flaring up before it burns out.*
Narration: *I could move again. Propelling myself forcefully up off the deck, I landed steadily on my feet.*
Narration: *In total, I'd now taken a triple dosage of the boosters.*
Narration: *That was definitely uncharted territory.*
Narration: *I looked around me, observing a world that seemed to be moving in slow motion - and my eyes found the face of my "brother."*
Narration: *He was smiling.*
Narration: *But for some reason, that didn't inspire any real emotion in me.*
Narration: *I felt no anger. No pain. Nothing.*
Narration: *Right now, I probably had the exact same smile on my own face.*
Narration: *The familiar smell of blood and adrenaline in my nostrils was the only thing in the world that felt real to me.*
Narration: *Without devising any plan whatsoever, I took my first step forward.*
Narration: *At a glance, the two of us were about nine paces away from each other.*
Narration: *I closed that distance in three giant strides.*
Narration: *Keeping my body as close to the ground as possible, I rushed straight toward my enemy's legs.*
Narration: *My leg whipped forward in a low, sharp kick, like a scythe mowing down wild grass.*
Narration: *The blow struck home.*
Narration: *Maybe he hadn't even attempted to evade it.*
Narration: *I'd used enough force to shatter an ankle; the impact to his foot threw my "brother" badly off-balance. And before he had a chance to recover, I leapt up onto him.*
Narration: *I hadn't planned any of this out in advance.*
Narration: *It certainly wasn't any kind of martial arts maneuver.*
Narration: *I'd literally just jumped on the man like a wild animal bringing down its prey.*
Narration: *The only real difference was that I didn't have any razor-sharp fangs to sink into his neck.*
Narration: *A human being's only weapons are the "techniques" they've beaten into their own bodies.*
Narration: *Without any need for conscious thought on my part, my body moved exactly as I'd trained it to - like a predator obeying its natural instincts.*
Narration: *Using the momentum of my leap, I grabbed Typhon's left wrist and pulled him forcefully toward me, then drove my elbow into his temple.*
Narration: *Now I just needed to follow through, push him down, and smack his head against the hard surface of the deck.*
Narration: *When you're thrown off-balance by a sweeping kick to the leg, it's impossible to defend yourself or even soften your fall.*
Narration: *By using the weight of my body and his own acceleration against him, I intended to slam him down hard enough to crack his skull open.*
Typhon: ...Fngh...!
Narration: *But his response was... something I hadn't been expecting.*
Narration: *This wasn't anything particularly fancy either. He simply braced himself using his stationary leg.*
Yuuji: ...What the...
Narration: *With only that one leg, its muscles swelling until they nearly tore his pants apart, he actually managed to bear both my weight and the force of his body's momentum. It was like some kind of a circus trick.*
Narration: *Indifferent to my astonishment, my "brother" reached out with the arm I wasn't grasping and seized hold of my wrist.*
Yuuji: ...Gah...!!
Narration: *The strength of his grip was inhuman.*
Narration: *My wrist screamed with pain, and I heard my watch's glass dial cracking under the pressure.*
Narration: *At this rate, he was going to crush through the bones and rip my hand off.*
Yuuji: ...Damn it...!
Narration: *Instantly kicking up my right knee, I drove it into his injured gut.*
Narration: *There was a sickening crunch as the blow landed, and my "brother" let out an involuntary cry.*
Typhon: ...Gaaah!!
Narration: *It was probably less an expression of pain than of frustration - at his injured body's refusal to move as he wanted, and his steadily declining physical stamina.*
Narration: *Should I pull away, or press the attack? There was a split second to decide.*
Narration: *When you have your opponent at a disadvantage, you press forward and bring him down. Even if it means taking two or three blows in the process.*
Narration: *Pulling my right elbow back, I quickly reached my hand out toward Typhon's face.*
Narration: *My middle finger and ring finger grasped his lower jaw, my index finger pushed into his ear, and my thumb moved to gouge out his left eyeball.*
Narration: *But my "brother" wasn't about to just let that happen.*
Narration: *The same instant I started to apply pressure to his eye, the middle finger of his left hand stabbed into my right ear.*
Yuuji: Kh...!!!
Narration: *"Shit, he's going to get my eardrum!"*
Narration: *That wasn't the end of the world, but if he pushed through to my inner ear, I'd lose my sense of equilibrium. And if that finger made it all the way to my brain, it would all be over.*
Narration: *Thrusting my arm straight out, I threw Typhon's jaw backward, violently ripping him off me.*
Narration: *The two of us tumbled across the deck in opposite directions, our eyes tracking each other's movements.*
Narration: *Pushing myself up using all four of my limbs, I verified that my sense of balance was still functional; and my "brother" rose to his feet as well, swaying like a puppet with a few broken strings.*
Typhon: ...Haha... Good lord. You're the first person it's ever taken me more than a minute to kill, Nii-san...
Yuuji: What, you're just bragging now...?
Narration: *When a job's going to take more than a minute, you give up. That's an ironclad rule for any assassin.*
Narration: *Ordinarily, you want to kill them before they see your face. You never give yourself a chance to feel empathy for the target. If things look tricky, you back off and wait for another chance.*
Narration: *Unless you follow those rules, you won't last long in this line of work.*
Narration: *It had already been seven minutes since the start of our battle. At this point, we'd both already failed.*
Narration: *But even so―*
Typhon: You know, Nii-san... if I was in your shoes, I would have thrown in the towel a long time ago...
Typhon: If you'd given up, everything would basically have returned to normal. Do you really think Ichigaya's worth struggling this hard for...? Surely you aren't genuinely concerned with Japan's "national defense," of all things.
Typhon: The people upstairs ship you all over the world for their own petty reasons... If you die, they won't even count you as a casualty... No matter where you go, that's never going to change...
Typhon: What reason could you possibly have to keep on fighting...?
Yuuji: ...You wouldn't understand...
Typhon: I don't understand, and that's why I'm asking... What's the difference between you and me...?
Yuuji: We've experienced different things...
Yuuji: My master used to say that the value of a man depends on the kind of men he meets...
Yuuji: But the way I see it, a man's real worth comes down to the kind of women he's known.
Yuuji: And that's where the difference between us lies...
Yuuji: You're the person I could have become. If I'd never met Asako or set foot in Mihama, I probably would have ended up just like you...
Typhon: ...How tedious. What's the use of this hollow sentimentality...?
Yuuji: Like I said, you wouldn't understand...
Narration: *He'd been taught to value only that which was useful. To bravely throw away his own life in pursuit of a greater goal.*
Narration: *But I'd been raised by a woman who let me experience all sorts of things, useful or not - a woman who scoffed at the idea of "heroic sacrifice."*
Narration: *Men love to die young in a blaze of glory, leaving everyone else behind to pick up the pieces.*
Narration: *But women are survivors. They live on, and they struggle forward - fighting to the bitter end.*
Narration: *Of course the two of us couldn't understand each other.*
Narration: *It's like they always say...*
Narration: *Men who trained under a woman aren't like other men.*
Narration: *They're stubborn, dirty bastards; they do whatever it takes to survive. And no matter what, they never stop coming at you.*
Yuuji: ...And what are you fighting for yourself?
Yuuji: Why is any of this worth risking your life for? Do you even have a home to return to...?
Typhon: I have my own ideals... my own dreams...
Typhon: And I'm afraid you're standing in the way of their realization, Nii-san... Do me a favor and die, all right...?
Narration: *I understood where my "brother" was coming from.*
Narration: *There'd been a time when I, too, believed that the perfect world Oslo described was the only possible "paradise."*
Narration: *There's no such thing as heaven. We had to make it ourselves; and it was only right that we shed the blood of those who stood in our way. Those words had been drilled into my head... and for a time, I'd believed them absolutely.*
Narration: *I couldn't even imagine what kind of "paradise" would actually await us at the end of our labors... But even so, I'd murdered countless people in cold blood, hoping to create a world less terrible than this one.*
Narration: *Sighing softly, I looked down to the deck... and spotted the knife I'd cast aside some time ago.*
Yuuji: ...I'll kill you with my own two hands. It's the kindest thing I can do for you...
Narration: *Squatting down, I reached out for the knife. It was so cold to the touch that I felt a shiver run down my spine.*
Narration: *Oslo had once told me that a tool for killing people should be devoid of warmth.*
Narration: *It was probably both an expression of his distaste for firearms and a reminder that the act of murder is best performed emotionlessly.*
Narration: *My "brother" here was another killing machine that man had created. As he brandished his knife, I saw no anger or sadness in his face.*
Narration: *This was the only way of life he knew. He couldn't do anything but kill. And that's why he had to eliminate the obstacle in his path.*
Narration: *It wasn't as if he had a "motive." His prey was standing in front of him; and like a predatory animal, he simply let his instincts carry him forward.*
Narration: *He didn't care if I tried to evade his charge, or to meet it head on.*
Narration: *He just wanted to wound me further. To weaken me. And eventually, to bring me down.*
Narration: *There were no tactics or strategy involved. Willingly accepting a certain degree of injury, he thrust his knife relentlessly at every hole in my defense.*
Narration: *It was a simpler and uglier thing than even a brawl between children.*
Narration: *Faster.*
Narration: *I had to be faster than him.*
Narration: *Faster than before.*
Narration: *My body, already at its very limits, was accelerating rapidly toward death.*
Narration: *Stars flashed before my eyes.*
Narration: *"Stardust Syndrome," huh...?*
Narration: *This was probably... the same "starry sky" Asako had seen on her deathbed.*
Narration: *Countless points of light were glittering brightly all around me.*
Narration: *For some reason, I felt like every one of them was the soul of a dead human being, beckoning me out into the darkness.*
Typhon: Why are you doing this!?! You want revenge on Oslo that badly!?
Typhon: What's the point of killing him!? What's the point of destroying everything he's built!? Can you keep this world turning in his place!?
Yuuji: There are some people you have to kill! Some things you have to destroy! And that's what Oslo is to me!!
Narration: *"...It's fine... You can live for your own sake now..."*
Narration: *"Flounder around all you want... Life's all about the struggle, see...? Don't try to make things easy on yourself..."*
Narration: *That woman was everything to me.*
Narration: *When she told me to do something, I was damn well going to try.*
Narration: *I was going to fight for my own sake.*
Narration: *For the place where I was standing―*
Narration: *For the road I wanted to follow―*
Narration: *And for the handful of people at my side―*
Narration: *That was all the reason I'd needed to make it this far―*
Yuuji: I'm not like you... I don't need someone else to give me a reason to fight!!
Typhon: You're just a selfish bastard, then!
Yuuji: So what!? I've never met a man who wasn't!
Narration: *It wasn't much of an argument, admittedly. But I wasn't here for a debate.*
Narration: *Once you start to hesitate, you lose the ability to kill.*
Narration: *You can't stop to consider things from your enemy's perspective. You can't pause to wonder if you're in the wrong. Questions like that are like a weight around your neck.*
Narration: *That was the reason we were trained to kill our targets within a minute.*
Narration: *―It was the reason we tried not to think.*
Narration: *The reason we doped ourselves with drugs, pushing the thoughts away.*
Narration: *When the questions snuck their way into your mind anyway, the trick was to just shrug them off.*
Narration: *But to do that, you had to have asked yourself those questions a hundred times already.*
Narration: *I'd gone through a great deal of anguish and uncertainty... and in the end, the woman I respected more than anyone told me I was fine the way I was. That was why I could shrug off my doubts effortlessly.*
Yuuji: Never took more than a minute to kill someone, huh...? Then I guess this was the first time you ever had the chance to hesitate...
Narration: *It would be cruel, even childish, to call this a matter of "experience."*
Narration: *A machine doesn't feel doubt.*
Narration: *But when its programming contradicts itself, it stops working.*
Narration: *The only thing that can keep moving forward, contradictions and all, is a human being.*
Narration: *And someone who only cares about things that are "useful" can't hope to understand what it means to be human.*
Narration: *That was the real difference between you and me.*
Yuuji: Sorry I took so long to introduce myself... I'm Kazami Yuuji...
Yuuji: That's the name of your "brother," and the name of your killer... Mention it on your way down to hell, and they might move you to the front of the line...
Narration: *―Well then. That just left Heath Oslo himself.*
Narration: *I didn't know exactly where he was waiting for me, but... in my experience, big shots tended to like high places.*
Soldier: "There he is!! Intruder located on the left deck! We need reinforcements, now!"
Narration: *―I'd just have to climb my way up to him, then. Even if that meant building a mountain of corpses.*

TV: "The video you're currently watching was recorded today at 9:45 PM. We are broadcasting, in unedited form, all footage captured by the security cameras at the Consulate General of the Republic of Kazakhstan."
Narration: *―In that moment, everyone in the lobby was completely dumbfounded.*
Narration: *No one spoke.*
Narration: *To be more precise, no one could speak.*
Narration: *The specific reason: not a single person in the room knew how to process the information that had just been presented to them.*
Narration: *They stared at the television, listening to the announcers describe "Kazami Yuuji" as a terrorist. They watched the footage from the scene, recognizing their own classmate as the gunman. And they disbelieved their own eyes.*
Narration: *The facts were impossible to digest. The reality was impossible to accept. All they wanted was for something to erase the truth entirely.*
Narration: *Matsushima Michiru had always hated silence. And so, desperate for relief from this oppressive state of affairs, she broke the spell with a few meaningless words.*
Michiru: ...What the... heck is this about...?
Amane: ...Huh? Is this for real? Is this seriously being broadcast right now...?
Sachi: One moment, let me try my phone...
Narration: *Jerking her head up abruptly, Komine Sachi pulled her cell phone from her pocket, then launched a 1seg television application.*
Sachi: ...It seems... to be true...
Narration: *After a frustrating pause, the screen of her phone began to display the same images as the television in front of them, only a few seconds delayed.*
Yumiko: Unfortunately, this isn't some kind of elaborate prank. It's reality...
Michiru: Reality...? Oh come on, seriously? Enough with the lousy jokes. Nobody's laughing!
Makina: ...Talk about a bombshell... It feels like someone jus' dropped a bunker-buster on me, man...
Amane: Why did this happen!? What's going on, Sakaki-san!?
Yumiko: I don't know any of the details myself. All I can say is that the Consulate truly was attacked... The perpetrator was captured on that video... and his name was "Kazami Yuuji."
Amane: How can you be so sure that's Yuuji!? It just looks a little bit like him! This has to be some kind of mistake!
Yumiko: I did look into this myself. There's no doubt that video came directly from the Consulate's security office... However, the additional information concerning his identity has no clear source.
Yumiko: I can only assume that someone made an additional "alteration" to the information that traveled from the scene to the broadcasting center...
Yumiko: Also, it's downright odd for them to publicize his name at such an early stage. Is it a preemptive strike of some sort...? Or do they have some other motive...?
Amane: What are you talking about!? What kind of "motive"!?
Yumiko: ...I can't say that I know, but I'm willing to bet that quite a lot is happening behind the scenes...
Michiru: Why waste time guessing? Let's just ask!
Yumiko: How do you propose we go about doing that?
Michiru: What are you, stupid? We can just call Yuuji! See? Beep boop boop!
Yumiko: Ah! Wait, don't...!
Michiru: Seriously, why would Yuuji attack some embassy in the first place? How weird would that be? It's gotta be some random doppelganger! Uh, wait... did I use the right word there?
Yumiko: ...Doppelganger works. But it was a consulate, not an embassy...
Michiru: Same thing, right?
Yumiko: They're quite different, actually...
Michiru: Ooh, he picked up! Hellooo?
???: "Yeees? And who would this beee?"
Michiru: What? Who the heck are YOU!?
???: "Yes, yes, all right... That doesn't matter in the slightest. More importantly, you really mustn't call this number again..."
???: "If you try something like this a second time, you'll all be taken in as suspected accomplices of Kazami Yuuji. Understood?"
Michiru: Huh? Uh... okay...
???: "Good girl. Bye now."
Michiru: ...Huh?
Michiru: ...What the heck just happened...?
Makina: Didja call the wrong number?
Michiru: Huh? No, the call log definitely has Yuuji's number in it... What's going on? Who was that!?
Yumiko: ...I expected as much...
Michiru: What's that supposed to mean?
Yumiko: When someone is publicly named as a suspect, it's safe to assume any calls going to their phone number will be intercepted...
Michiru: Excuse me!? Couldn't you have said that a little sooner!?
Yumiko: In any case, we can't risk calling Kazami-kun's number any more. It's clearly being monitored.
Amane: Who should we call, then?
Yumiko: Well... if anyone, perhaps Harudera-san?
Amane: Does anyone know how to get in touch with her?
Sachi: ...I believe I still have a business card she gave me once...
Sachi: Yes, here it is... She wrote her cell phone number here, under the general office number for Asahi Clean LLC...
Yumiko: Matsushima-san, give her a call.
Michiru: Me again!? Why don't you do it!?
Yumiko: You've already made one compromising phone call, so another can't really hurt. Go ahead.
Michiru: Booo...
Makina: What are you, a friggin' cow?
Sachi: Just make the damn phone call already, if you'd be so kind.
Michiru: ...Good grief... I'm not your friggin' secretary...
Michiru: By the way, what am I supposed to ask her if I actually get through?
Yumiko: We can think about that after she picks up. Don't worry, no one's going to yell at you.
Michiru: Uh, hello?
???: "...Didn't I tell you not to try this again? I can't stand women who make everything difficult."
Michiru: Aww... not agaaain...
???: "I'm waiting for an apology."
Michiru: ...I'm shorry...
???: "All right then! No more phone calls, understood?"
Michiru: Uwah, they hung up on me again...
Michiru: Wait, they totally got mad at me, Yumiko! You said they wouldn't!
Yumiko: Was that the same person as before?
Michiru: Oh. Yeah, I think so... Actually, I'm pretty certain... What's the deal with that woman?
Yumiko: At this rate, I'm sure there's not much point calling Harudera-san's company, either...
Amane: ...What now...? Who do we go to for help?
Makina: I feel like Chizuchizu's pretty much th' only adult we could even ask for advice, ta be honest.
Sachi: The principal does seem to be fairly close with Harudera-san. It's quite possible she might know something.
Yumiko: ...Even if she does, I'm not sure she'll share it with us under these circumstances...
Yumiko: And at the moment, Tachibana-san may have her hands full with her own problems...
Makina: Welp, let's go find th' principal an' see what happens.
Date: *July 22, 2012 - 22:38 - Mihama Academy - Principal's Office*
Principal: "Come on in. It's open!"
Yumiko: Pardon us...
Michiru: Uwaaah! What's with all these boxes!?
Principal: Wait juuuust a second, I'll come around to that side...
Principal: Uh, gaah! Whoops...
Amane: Seems like things are a little hectic...
Yumiko: Shall we come back at another time?
Principal: Nope, that's all right!
Principal: Okay, sorry to keep you waiting. Oh my... the gang's all here. Something the matter?
Amane: Uhm, well... we wanted to ask you about something... Ugh... where do I even start...?
Principal: Is this about Kazami-kun?
Amane: Er, yes.
Principal: Right, figures. You wouldn't all be coming here at this hour for any other reason.
Yumiko: Are you aware of his current situation?
Principal: I learned of the position he's been placed in from the television news reports.
Principal: However, I don't know where he is or what he's doing.
Makina: Tch, what the heck? That's basically th' same as us, then...
Yumiko: ...You don't seem particularly surprised, I must say...
Principal: Oh, I'm quite surprised. It's just... I always knew there was a chance something like this might happen. 
Yumiko: What do you mean by "something like this"?
Principal: Kazami-kun explicitly told me not to "make a fuss" if he were to disappear abruptly some day. And Harudera-san said something very similar as well.
Principal: They also told me that, if something like this were to happen, I was not to go looking for them or otherwise investigate.
Michiru: What the heck!? You expect us to be satisfied with that!?
Principal: I expressed similar sentiments to Kazami-kun. He replied with a "You don't have to be satisfied. It's just the way our company works." 
Sachi: That's exceptionally unreasonable...
Principal: In his own words... "Our company's not exactly known for being reasonable."
Amane: Aah...
Makina: "Aah" yerself! How does that explain anythin'!?
Amane: Uh, sorry. Just thought it really did sound like something Yuuji might say...
Yumiko: Is there a connection of some sort between Kazami-kun's "company" and the attack on that consulate?
Principal: I don't know that myself. However, terrorist activity is most certainly a focus of their "business." I would advise you all not to concern yourselves with that aspect of this affair.
Michiru: Wow, talk about blunt. You saying "it's none of your business, so back off"?
Principal: That's a harsh way of putting it, but more or less. This simply isn't a problem that you're capable of resolving.
Principal: I expect that being pinned down in this way by an authority figure like myself will encourage some rebellious feelings on your part...
Principal: However, I can state quite confidently that a handful of students won't be able to do a thing about all this. Even if they're willing to risk their lives. Please make sure not to take any rash or foolish action.
Principal: I'm not saying this because I want to protect myself. Please believe me when I say that I'm genuinely concerned for your safety.
Makina: Harumph... I can't comply with that directive, Principal!
Principal: Talk like an admiral all you want. It won't change the facts.
Sachi: If you can at least provide us with a more comprehensible explanation of the circumstances, we could avoid taking misguided action...
Principal: ...The circumstances, eh...? Hmm... I'm afraid I don't have time to get into any real detail.
Yumiko: Do you have some place to be, ma'am?
Principal: Well, yes... As I'm sure you're all aware, Mihama Academy is scheduled to close its doors very soon. I'm going to be flying around the world, settling some personal matters and trying to arrange the establishment of a new school.
Michiru: Wait, you can make a new Mihama!?
Principal: I'm afraid that isn't entirely clear yet... For one thing, our previous main sponsor lost his position as the president of East Beach Express Railways...
Principal: And the Irisu Group, which had contributed heavily to the school's budget, is hiding its funds in fear of a government investigation...
Principal: To put it more plainly, I don't have anyone to rely on just yet.
Principal: At this point, you girls should be thinking carefully about what comes next for you.
Makina: So... Mihama Academy really is gonna disappear, huh...?
Principal: Well, no one's paying to dismantle our facilities, so the buildings themselves will remain. It won't be a school any longer, but it might serve as some sort of local archive in the future. I imagine they'll keep it around.
Makina: ...Sorta like an old nuclear-powered aircraft carrier?
Principal: I suppose there's a certain similarity, in that you can't just tear them apart and throw them in a junkyard.
Michiru: Wait... don't tell me there's some connection between Yuuji disappearing and Mihama shutting down...?
Principal: Of course not.
Michiru: But the timing's just weird! Is this really just a coincidence?
Principal: ...Honestly. You do say the silliest things.
Yumiko: Incomplete knowledge promotes the growth of absurd speculation... If you want to calm us down and put a stop to her wild theorizing, I think "information" might do the trick.
Principal: Well, that's a clever way of putting it...
Principal: You do have a point. There's no telling what you five might do if I just leave you like this... All right, then. I'll talk.
Principal: For what it's worth, I do have some information on Kazami-kun's current situation. It came to me through my father's secretary...
Principal: However, the information in question is extremely vague and fragmentary... And I want to make it clear to you beforehand that there's no guarantee of its accuracy. It's essentially nothing more than a rumor.
Principal: There are a few things we know for certain. First, an international terrorist known as "Heath Oslo" recently set foot on Japanese soil...
Principal: Secondly, Kazami-kun was taken in by this same individual when he was a child. For a time, he belonged to Oslo's organization... under special and unusual circumstances.
Principal: From what we've heard, these facts led the government to take Kazami-kun into custody... But I don't have any further details on that matter, and there's no way for me to confirm whether it's even true.
Amane: Uhm, well... that's not exactly what we wanted to know...
Makina: Why are they callin' Onii-chan a no-good evildoer on the tee vee!?! Ya gotta explain!!
Sachi: Has Kazami-san truly become a terrorist!? Why would he abandon his lovable maid and her amusing companions!? Did he fall prey to the dark side!?
Principal: Please calm down, everyone. As I made clear beforehand, I simply don't have the entire picture.
Principal: I mean, isn't it a bit unreasonable to expect that much from me? I'm just the principal of a private academy.
Principal: If anything, I think Sakaki-san would be far more knowledgeable about these matters than me. There isn't much point asking me about things she doesn't know...
Yumiko: I wouldn't say that. I only have access to information that can be obtained with money... In fact, your summary just now contained one interesting detail that I hadn't heard before.
Michiru: ...What was it?
Yumiko: Her claim that Kazami-kun may be in the custody of a government agency of some kind...
Yumiko: To be honest, I'd assumed that Kazami-kun had already been captured by or given to Heath Oslo...
Yumiko: After falling into the enemy's hands, he was somehow compelled to participate in their terrorist activities... or so I had assumed.
Yumiko: However, if Kazami-kun is still hidden away in government custody, that would change matters quite dramatically...
Makina: Hrm... requestin' further details, captain.
Yumiko: I don't have any "details." This is just a hypothesis, and it's standing on a tower of speculation... But I believe it's possible that Kazami-kun is being used to arrange a political deal of some sort with the terrorists...
Michiru: Hm? Hmmmm? What does that mean? Explain it like I'm five.
Yumiko: ...That's easy for you to say. Where to begin...?
Yumiko: The first thing that seemed suspicious was... I couldn't identify anyone who "profited" from that attack on the consulate.
Michiru: Huh? What d'you mean?
Yumiko: When something this unnatural takes place, there's always someone who stands to gain from it. But I couldn't see how anyone would profit from this attack proportionally to the risk involved... and that's something of a red flag.
Yumiko: However, if we begin by assuming that Kazami-kun is actually in government custody at the moment... It seems to hint at the possibility that they're publicly advertising his existence to Oslo as a negotiating tactic.
Yumiko: In other words, there's now a "profit" to be found.
Yumiko: After this, I ran into the question of why they'd choose to frame him as a terrorist... But considering that the government likely has no means of contacting Oslo, it isn't unthinkable that they'd resort to such measures.
Yumiko: In fact, there have been a number of famous kidnapping cases overseas where authorities negotiated with the perpetrators through television broadcasts, newspapers, and other mass media.
Amane: So... where do you think Yuuji is right now? And what's he doing? 
Yumiko: ...I can't even speculate at the moment.
Yumiko: Even my basic theory that Kazami-kun is being used as a bargaining chip by the government is built on a single highly questionable assumption...
Sachi: Are you referring to... whether Kazami Yuuji can truly serve as a "bargaining chip" with the terrorists?
Yumiko: Precisely...
Yumiko: In the first place, we don't know why Oslo's group entered the country, much less why they would be so eager to get their hands on Kazami Yuuji...
Yumiko: To be honest... all that comes to mind is the possibility that Heath Oslo might be personally fixated on Kazami Yuuji...
Yumiko: ...or even harboring a deep emotional attachment to him... and I don't know if it strikes me as especially plausible.
Michiru: Uhhhm... wait, what? Are you saying this terrorist guy came to Japan to take Yuuji back from the people who stole him?
Makina: Hmmm. Is this "Heath" feller a homo or what?
Yumiko: ...Discussing this with you people is beginning to make me feel like an idiot for thinking it over so seriously...
Principal: Well, whatever the case may be, Kazami-kun's situation is developing into an extremely high-level political problem...
Principal: On top of everything else, there have even been rumors that the terrorists may have smuggled weapons of mass destruction into the country. In other words, this is well outside the realm of what you five can possibly handle.
Yumiko: ...What exactly is the terrorists' objective, anyway?
Principal: Who knows? Whatever the case may be, please don't make Kazami-kun's situation even worse by acting recklessly.
Makina: ...Guuuuh...
Narration: *"Don't do anything. It'll only make Kazami Yuuji's situation worse."*
Narration: *At the moment, they didn't even know what Kazami Yuuji's situation was, much less how to improve it. When the matter was put to them so plainly, it was difficult to justify rushing into action.*
Narration: *That said... the students of Mihama Academy weren't exactly the sort of well-behaved young women who'd obediently sit on their hands when told not to do "anything stupid."*
Makina: ...Hey, Ama-nee... is there really nothin' we can do?
Amane: Well... for now, I guess we can't do much except make dinner and wait...
Michiru: Is that seriously it!?
Yumiko: I'm afraid the principal was right. There simply isn't anything we could possibly accomplish at the moment...
Sachi: Even if we can't see him... I wish we could at least speak with Kazami-san...
Sachi: Should Kazami-san himself tell me to stand by and be patient, I could wait for decades... but this...
Makina: Do we really not have any idea where he is!? If th' government's got him locked up somewhere, can't we at least go see him!?
Yumiko: There might be ways to investigate that... but even if we were to find out where he is, it won't change the fact that we're powerless to intercede...
Michiru: Then what are we supposed to do!?
Narration: *Komine Sachi, at least, could perhaps have waited for years with the blind faith of a loyal dog anticipating the return of its master.*
Narration: *Waiting, however, was not Irisu Makina's style. She spoke with the impatience of a hot-blooded young officer fresh out of intensive training; already, she was on the verge of bursting out the door.*
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko, by contrast, was indecisive - convinced that they simply didn't have enough information to take action of any sort.*
Narration: *Then there was Matsushima Michiru - yelling "what now!?" at the others, but herself entirely unsure as to what they should do. For all her apparent energy and decisiveness, she was terrible at coping with unexpected challenges.*
Narration: *Even Suou Amane - who claimed that she wasn't worried, and suggested that they have a nice dinner waiting - couldn't hide the growing agitation in her heart.*
Amane: Right now, we've just got to sit tight and believe in him...
Yumiko: Yes, I suppose... if we blunder about right now, we really might make his situation even worse...
Makina: Okay, but at this rate, things aren't gonna work out too good.
Sachi: Even if we can't see Kazami-san in person, I'd like to at least gather as much information as we possibly can...
Yumiko: With regard to that, the principal at least promised us that she'd try to find some way to get in touch with Harudera-san... For now, let's wait for her next report.
Makina: ...Th' history of Japan is full of lazy bums who screwed things up big time by sittin' around and waitin' for the "next report"...
Yumiko: I understand what you're trying to say... Still, hindsight is twenty-twenty... Japan also has a rich tradition of mistaking recklessness for bravery.
Makina: Damn you, Sakakiiiii!!
Amane: Oh, come on! Don't start fighting! We're all worried about Yuuji, okay!?
Makina: Ugggh... bein' weak ain't a crime, but doin' nothin' definitely is...
Sachi: ...Everyone's just as frustrated as you are, Maki-chan. Try to tough it out for now... please...
Makina: Fine... I get it...
Makina: I get it, but... at th' end of the day, we didn't know the first thing about Onii-chan, did we...? It's kinduva shock...
Amane: ...Yeah. Until Sacchan found those documents, we really were clueless...
Michiru: That reminds me, Sachi. Where'd you get those papers, anyway?
Sachi: Well, they were in the trash in Kazami-san's room...
Amane: That's weird. I clean out Yuuji's garbage can pretty frequently.
Sachi: I'm referring to the trash can in his storage room... The closet, that is.
Amane: Wait, you went in there!?
Sachi: ...Yes...
Amane: So... you saw...?
Sachi: ...Just a little...
Amane: Oh man...
Michiru: Wait, what are you two talking about?
Narration: *Everyone has a side of themselves they want to keep hidden away.*
Narration: *And in Kazami Yuuji's case, the walk-in closet in his room was where he stored it.*
Narration: *This place was a hidden depository for all the things he kept inside... including his weakness.*
Narration: *Just once before, Amane had set foot into this room, and Yuuji had responded with genuine anger.*
Narration: *It was a small space, full of crumpled-up paper. There was writing all across its walls.*
Narration: *If Mihama Academy itself was a "box" for the confinement of troubled young people rejected by society... this room was the "box" in which Yuuji sealed away the parts of himself he couldn't allow others to see.*
Michiru: Uwaaah! What's up with this room!? It's filthy! And covered in graffiti, too!
Amane: ...I told before, didn't I? It's stuffed full of the things Yuuji doesn't want anyone to know about...
Makina: It's friggin' dark in here... Can't ya turn on the lights?
Amane: Nope. He took out the lightbulb that used to be in here...
Narration: *There was no window in the tiny "room" - it was a storage space, nothing more. And apart from a single aluminum rod near the ceiling, it contained only garbage.*
Narration: *Balled up pieces of scrap paper were lying all over the floor; the walls were covered in words, apparently written in felt-tip pen. There was simply nothing else.*
Narration: *They'd opened this door thinking there might be some kind of hint within...*
Narration: *But then they stepped inside, and saw the tortured, sloppy writing scribbled across the walls. They found themselves averting their eyes, and fighting the temptation to leave.*
Amane: ...Sacchan, did you... read the writing on the walls?
Sachi: Only a little of it, but yes...
Sachi: However, I felt quite certain that I shouldn't have been doing so... After a moment, I panicked and ran out with the garbage bin...
Yumiko: But you reconstructed the shredded document you found inside that can...
Sachi: I'm sorry... I don't want to make excuses for my behavior, but... I couldn't help wanting to know what it was...
Makina: We're not gonna get on yer case for that, Sacchin. I mean, your name was in them papers... and it's on these walls, too. When you see your own name, it's only natural ta get kinda curious, right?
Sachi: ...Yes...
Michiru: Oh, look. That's Yumiko's name over there. Want to read what he wrote?
Yumiko: I'll pass... I'm sure it's nothing particularly flattering.
Amane: Actually, he was just writing down some notes on how to interact with you...
Amane: When she doesn't want to talk, don't drag her into a conversation... don't bring up the topic of family, except sarcastically. Don't tell her to "hang in there"... I guess Yuuji was trying pretty hard to be considerate, huh?
Yumiko: ...Oh, please... he always went out of his way to provoke me...
Sachi: Perhaps that was deliberate? On this wall over here, he wrote "You have to get her upset once in a while, or she'll just let her grievances fester..."
Yumiko: ...What!?
Makina: Oooh. I think I know what he's talkin' about, ac'shully.
Makina: Yumi-chan doesn't expect much from people, so she tends ta just bottle up all her stress inside till she explodes, ya know? That means it's easier ta get along with her if ya piss her off peri-odd-ickally. Onii-chan taught me that.
Yumiko: Wh... Oh, good grief! Enough about me! Isn't there... uhm... anything that can help us with the current situation!?
Amane: ...Uh, dunno what that would look like...
Amane: ...Matsushima Michiru...
Amane: ...Irisu Makina...
Amane: ...Komine Sachi...
Amane: ...And me...
Amane: It's the same with those balled up papers lying all over the place... They're all about us...
Amane: But... there's one spot that's different...
Amane: Sacchan... can you get me a flashlight, maybe?
Sachi: Ah, I have one with me... Here you are.
Amane: ...Here we go... Right there.
Narration: *The beam of LED light settled on a corner of the closet... revealing words that testified to Yuuji's own suffering.*
Narration: *"I can't sleep. No matter what I try, I just can't sleep."*
Narration: *"Lately, I've been tossing and turning every single night."*
Narration: *"When I lock myself up alone like this,   I always end up remembering the past...   and hating myself for my own hypocrisy."*
Narration: *"It helps to write it all down on these walls.   When I scribble my thoughts inside this closet,   it makes me feel at least a little more stable mentally."*
Narration: *"I gave someone an arrogant lecture on their way of  life today. Again."*
Narration: *"It's not like I think my words are actually going to   change anything."*
Narration: *"Am I even doing the right thing?"*
Narration: *"Should I really just keep on going like this?"*
Narration: *"I don't know what I'm living for anymore."*
Narration: *"There's no one here to answer my questions."*
Narration: *"Kazuki and Asako were supposed to give me the answers,   but they're gone now."*
Narration: *"It's not like I've given up.   It's not like I've despaired.   That's what I want to believe, at least."*
Narration: *"But I'm just so tired.  If I stop forcing myself to stand,   it feels like I might just collapse."*
Narration: *"And if I fall apart now, I know from experience   that I'll sink into an unendurable nightmare."*
Narration: *"I scratch frantically at my own body,   tormented by the illusion of insects   running around under my skin."*
Narration: *"The pain's intolerable.   Even death would be better than this."*
Narration: *"But I'm not allowed to die.   Not permitted to escape this hell." *
Narration: *"For some reason, there are people who believe in me.   People who are counting on me.  And that just pulls the noose even tighter."*
Narration: *"I can't run away now."*
Narration: *"I simply can't."*
Narration: *"If I ran away, I'd merely burden myself with more regret."*
Narration: *"I can't let another woman die while I stand by helplessly."*
Narration: *"Just the thought of it makes me sick to my stomach.   It feels like my body's turning itself inside out."*
Narration: *    　"I can't take this."*
Narration: *　"I just can't take any more."*
Narration: *　"Help me, Asako."*
Makina: This ain't real! I mean... this is Onii-chan we're talkin' about...! Kazami Yuuji ain't this weak!
Yumiko: Even soldiers are human beings...
Yumiko: And what's more, he lost his single greatest source of emotional support...
Makina: But still... I didn't... wanna see him like this, man...
Michiru: Okay. So what? Did Yuuji run away from us?
Makina: ...Hweh...?
Michiru: Don't you "hweh" me. Yuuji saved your butt in the end!
Michiru: It wasn't just you, either! He helped every last one of us! Me, Sachi, Yumiko, and Amane too! He gave us the courage we needed!
Michiru: And now you're all disillusioned!? Just because he showed a little weakness!? We all have our problems, but he accepted us anyway! He helped us figure out how to work around them!
Makina: Au...
Michiru: In the first place, we're the ones who barged into his room and read his diary! Remember what Amane's magazine said!? Women who snoop through their boyfriend's cell phone and then get angry about what they find are the worst!!
Amane: Well, uh... I think this is a little different...
Michiru: Ukyaaaaaaaaa!!
Sachi: I might not go so far as to shriek "Ukyaaaa," but I do strongly concur with Michiru-sama's opinion.
Sachi: Kazami-san may be remarkably close to the perfect warrior, but in the end, he is a human being. I remember Yuu-kun as a kind but rather fragile boy. And no matter what people experience, their fundamental nature remains the same...
Sachi: If he needs a helping hand, I am more than glad to offer mine. To borrow the words of my beloved Shark Man... "Now it's my turn!"
Sachi: It's no exaggeration to say that I owe my life to Kazami-san... and so, it falls upon me to return the favor.
Makina: Aah... Sacchin... I was wrong, Sacchin!! You've opened my eyes, baby!!
Sachi: Maki-chan!!
Makina: ...*Squeeze*!!
Yumiko: Well... I suppose this doesn't really matter, but... how long have you known about this diary, Suou-san?
Amane: ...Mm. For quite a while, actually...
Amane: That said, I didn't know exactly what he was writing until just now...
Amane: I guess it was just about a year ago...? I went to Yuuji's room in the middle of the night to give him a sexy surprise, but he wasn't in his bed...
Yumiko: ...A "sexy surprise"? Really, now...
Amane: Err, well... back then, I was still really obsessed with finding ways to make Yuuji "bully" me, you know...?
Yumiko: Aah... was this right after I walked in on you two in the bath, and forbade you from using our entire dormitory as your personal sexual playground...?
Amane: Yep, that's right. So anyway...
Amane: I figured I'd sneak into his room at night and show him a good time, so I put on some racy underwear and grabbed a box of condoms... But when I skipped happily over to his room, he was nowhere to be found.
Amane: So I'm thinking... "Ahah, I bet I know what's going on here. Is he cleaning out the sewer pipe over at Sacchan's place? Giving someone or other a nice plunging?"
Amane: I was starting to get a little pissed off... but then, I heard this weird sound...
Amane: It sounded like a voice. When I listened closely, I realized it was coming from the closet... and it sounded like Yuuji.
Amane: I knew that room was off limits... I'd opened the door once to clean up in there, and Yuuji had gotten really angry. I wasn't sure what to do...
Amane: But in the end, I couldn't just leave it be, so I quietly opened the door...
Amane: The room was full of balled up pieces of paper... and Yuuji was curled up in a corner, moaning to himself.
Amane: I ran over and called his name, but he didn't react, so I wasn't sure what to do... and that was when I noticed the writing on the walls.
Amane: I realized it was a diary, and I started to read some of it... but then Yuuji woke up and got mad at me... uh, well... He just shouted "get out!" in a really angry voice, basically...
Yumiko: Is that so...?
Amane: Yeah...
Michiru: Oh... so that's why you told me not to go into this room a while back?
Amane: After that, I started checking in on Yuuji in the night pretty frequently... and every once in a while, he'd be groaning in his sleep...
Amane: When I asked him if he was okay, he always said "I just haven't been sleeping all that well"... But still... he never really seemed to be at peace. It felt like sleeping was torture for him, and he just had to suffer through it...
Michiru: ...Yuuji...
Makina: "Nwaaaa! Bwat tha beeeell!?!?!"
Sachi: "...I think you meant 'What the hell,' Maki-chan..."
Michiru: Gaaaah!! Can you two shut up!? We're having kind of an emotional moment here, okay!? Pipe down, for crying out loud! Let me cry in peace for once!!
Makina: We ain't got time fer that, man! Look at this! Just friggin' look at this!
Michiru: What the heck? Geez...
Narration: *   "I did think about continuing down this path.   Trying to live a normal life."*
Narration: *"But I know how stupidly optimistic that thought is.   And I hate myself for thinking it."*
Narration: *"Doing good in the present won't erase the crimes   of my past."*
Narration: * "I've killed too many people."*
Narration: *"I've sacrificed far too much."*
Narration: *"All I really want is a place to die."*
Narration: *"Asako was allowed to die because she saved me..."*
Narration: *"And I saved the students of Mihama,  so I think I've earned that right as well."*
Narration: *    "Hey, Asako... I saved five people, see...?   Isn't that enough...?"*
Narration: *"It's okay for me to die now, right...?"*
Michiru: Bwat tha beeeell!?!?!
Makina: ...What th' heck does this mean!? Is Onii-chan actually plannin' to die!?
Amane: Ugh, I swear... what is it with guys and their love of noble self-sacrifice? Do they not give a damn about the women they leave behind?
Michiru: Seriously!? After all that time he spent lecturing me about "struggling forward"!? Is he trying to make me mad, or what!? Does he WANT me to dig a hole and bury him in it!?
Sachi: My indignation knows no bounds! Has Kazami-san no pity for the maid who will be left masterless after his death!? He should live for my sake, if nothing else!
Makina: Honestly, what dee-plor-abull conduct! If Onii-chan dies, who's Yumi-chan s'pposed ta molest while she touches herself!? Am I right!?
Yumiko: ...Guh...!!
Amane: In any case, I really don't like the way things seem to be going...
Makina: ...We ain't got much choice. We gotta find Onii-chan, smack him upside th' head, and give him a good talkin'-to...
Narration: *Makina clenched her fists tightly, feeling the heat of her own skin. The words she'd spoken echoed through her... and cold anxiety gave way to passionate warmth.*
Narration: *The heat in her chest seemed to take on a physical weight. For the first time in a while, it felt like her feet were resting firmly on the ground.*
Narration: *"I can't run away now."*
Narration: *The words that Kazami Yuuji himself had scribbled onto that closet wall resounded in all of their hearts; and with that steady foundation beneath them, the first step forward no longer seemed so daunting.*

Date: *July 24, 2012, XX:XX - "Ichigaya"*
Narration: *―With a stinging bitterness in his mouth and a metallic stink lingering in his nostrils, Kazami Yuuji quietly awoke.*
Narration: *His head ached as if it were full of lead. Fatigue seeped from every pore of his body. His cheek was glued to the floor; he couldn't bring himself to rise.*
Narration: *For hours, he lingered in a half-conscious state.*
Narration: *Even that most basic of questions - "Where am I?" - did not occur to him. His thoughts were vague and unfocused.*
Narration: *For those who have experienced certain kinds of suffering, the most important thing at any given time is simply to know that they're still clinging to life. Everything except survival is a secondary concern.*
Narration: *But eventually, they search for a reason to pull themselves up from the dirt.*
Narration: *Some turn their faith into strength; for others, it's anger at the world's injustices. The majority, perhaps, stand up because they simply have no other choice. However, none of these applied to Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *As his tired body lay on the floor, his mind was returning to his childhood. The bitterness of the medicine that had rendered him immobile had recalled the memory of an apple his sister had given to him many years before.*
Narration: *On that day, Yuuji's sister had offered him one of the fruits she'd used as models for her sketches, and he'd devoured it with tears in his eyes. He remembered this vividly, even now.*
Narration: *Most people would probably have thought it a bit of an overreaction. But until that moment, Yuuji had never so much as tasted an apple.*
Narration: *He'd read about them in books and seen them on television, of course. And there were always a few of them sitting around in his sister's studio.*
Narration: *But those fruits were tools that Kazuki used in her "work." At the time, Yuuji viewed them as something like offerings on an altar; touching them was completely out of the question.*
Narration: *The reason he ultimately tasted one of these "divine fruits" was quite simple... Kazuki, the "god" of his household, had casually asked him if he'd like to eat one. And he'd reflexively nodded in response.*
Narration: *More than a little stunned by this sudden blessing, he managed to thank his sister, and then immediately retreated to his room. After carefully confirming there was no one nearby, he proceeded to bite vigorously into it.*
Narration: *He'd expected it to be softer and juicier than it really was. And above all else, he hadn't imagined it would be so tart - sour, even.*
Narration: *Still, the unfamiliar taste was enough to leave him crying. At that point, he'd still had tears to shed over such simple things.*
Narration: *As he slowly grew aware of his numb body and heavy head, Yuuji let out a soft snort of laughter at the awkward, over-serious boy he'd been.*
JB: ...You're awake, I see...
Narration: *Forcing his heavy eyelids open, Yuuji looked toward the sound of this voice... and found a familiar face.*
Yuuji: ...Hey there, JB...
JB: "Hey there" yourself. I was half-convinced you'd never wake up again.
Yuuji: Have you been here all along?
JB: No. I just arrived about an hour ago. I spoke to you a number of times, but you wouldn't open your eyes.
Yuuji: Don't think I've slept that well in quite some time.
JB: Well, aren't you easygoing. They drugged you, you know?
Yuuji: Yeah, sure seems that way. My tongue's still numb, and there's a bitter smell in my nose...
Yuuji: More importantly... Why are you here, JB...?
JB: You're seriously asking that...? What am I to you, exactly?
Yuuji: Sounds like something you'd ask a boyfriend two weeks before dumping him.
JB: Look. Do you understand the nature of your current situation?
Yuuji: Not really... I remember my name and identification number, but I don't know where I am, or what the time is.
JB: ...Heath Oslo's entered Japan.
Yuuji: I'm aware... I saw him with my own eyes. What's going on?
JB: Now that I've been removed from my position as your case officer, I'm not authorized to explain.
Yuuji: You can at least explain why you're no longer my case officer, right?
JB: The reason for that is actually quite simple...
JB: I refused to approve the proposed mission, on the grounds that you're incapable of killing people... and might very well suffer a panic attack if ordered to attack Heath Oslo.
Yuuji: Guess you were right about that, huh...?
JB: Yes, I suppose... And as a result, you're now being used against Heath Oslo. As a political trump card.
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean...? Why did Oslo enter Japan, anyway?
JB: ......
Yuuji: You're not obligated to explain, huh...?
Narration: *You won't find any slaughterhouses that try to explain things to their cows, much less obtain their consent to be made into steak.*
Narration: *Still, things are a little different when two human beings are involved. As the victim, it's hard not to ask questions; and generally speaking, the other party will try to accommodate you to whatever degree possible.*
Narration: *Most likely, the fact that Kazami Yuuji had been permitted to speak with his "former" case officer was a humanitarian gesture of sorts.*
JB: Although you weren't Oslo's primary reason for entering the country, it's absolutely true that he's demanding your return from the Japanese government...
JB: What's more, he's indicated a willingness to "overlook" our decision to "borrow" you "without permission" so long as we compensate him appropriately.
Yuuji: The man's beyond shameless. I mean, how many years has it been, anyway? Why does he suddenly give a damn about me...?
JB: Are you familiar with the words "Project Typhon"?
Yuuji: ......
JB: Well, of course you know about it... you were one of its test subjects, after all...
Yuuji: ...The Designer Soldier Plan... The idea was to produce the ultimate soldier through genetic manipulation and a sophisticated doping regimen...
Yuuji: But the experiments failed over and over again, right? Its goals were never realized.
JB: That's right. The abilities of certain test subjects were temporarily boosted, but those results came with a terrible side effect... Within two years, aggressive cancers claimed their lives.
JB: They moderated the degree of stimulation to prevent this, but the new regimen was associated with severe mental disorders. Subjects were plagued by sudden suicidal impulses and acts of self-harm that would eventually prove fatal...
JB: In fact, your own psyche was damaged in the course of the genetic alterations you underwent. By all rights, you should have been just another victim of those experiments.
JB: However, here you are, alive and well. From Oslo's perspective, that makes you an extremely intriguing sample.
Yuuji: It was pure coincidence that I survived.
JB: Yes, but that might be exactly what makes you valuable. Considering how many times they failed, a stroke of luck was likely the only hope they had of finding a way forward...
JB: As for why Oslo left you alone as long as he did... We could assume that he was simply waiting for technology to advance to the point where they could precisely analyze the reasons for your "coincidental" survival.
Yuuji: You're saying Oslo wants to take me back and restart Project Typhon...?
JB: I know it sounds absurd, and it's purely conjecture based on his demands for your return... But at present, I can't think of any other plausible reason.
Yuuji: Even if that's actually true, I don't think one case study is going to make that big of a difference.
JB: Oh, I'm sure Oslo isn't expecting to gain any short-term profit from your return... If anything, I'd imagine he's intending to reap the rewards ten or even twenty years down the line.
JB: If Project Typhon were to bear fruit, and he could mass-produce units of 2000 soldiers with your capabilities, he'd have the military product of the century. The return he's anticipating might be in the trillions of yen.
Yuuji: ...2000 copies of me, huh? Just imagining it makes me sick to my stomach...
JB: That said, organizations that buy into suspicious tech like that are almost always declining toward an inevitable fall.
JB: Even if they manage to win political power for a time, they'll eventually be crushed by another group of the same sort. Of course, vicious circles like that suit the arms dealers of the world just fine...
Yuuji: So... What's going to happen to me, then?
JB: I believe I said this already, but you're not Oslo's main reason for coming to Japan. And you'll be used as a bargaining chip in negotiations concerning his primary objective.
Yuuji: Could you at least tell me what this "primary objective" of his actually is?
JB: I can't explain it to you personally, but I think "someone" will eventually.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *Yuuji didn't push the issue. He'd anticipated this reply.*
Narration: *Whatever Oslo's reason for entering the country, it was clear that assigning his assassination to Yuuji had been a test of some kind.*
Narration: *Had he succeeded in that task, things wouldn't have come to this. There was no denying that. He had one but himself to blame for this "unfortunate" outcome.*
Narration: *He'd known this day would come eventually. He'd always been resigned to it.*
Narration: *And so, his answer came easily enough.*
Yuuji: If there's some way you can use someone as worthless as me, then feel free.
JB: Are you really all right with that...?
Yuuji: It's something the brass decided, right? My opinion isn't really relevant here.
JB: What are you going to do about the girls back at Mihama...?
Yuuji: They'll get by just fine without me... They're a lot stronger than they used to be.
JB: You really can be rather cold about these things... not that Asako was any different, I suppose...
Yuuji: Honestly, I wish you'd stop comparing me to Asako every chance you get...
Narration: *Had Yuuji wept and begged for rescue, JB would probably have tried to help him somehow.*
Narration: *However, he no longer saw any reason to go that far in the pursuit of his own survival.*
Narration: *JB clearly had some thoughts about his attitude, but she kept them to herself.*
Yuuji: But anyway... they're using a "hostage" against the terrorists, huh...? Guess the people upstairs aren't afraid to fight dirty...
JB: ...The professor in the basement's calling the shots on this one...
Yuuji: The professor again...? What's that guy like, anyway?
JB: You'll probably find out very soon. I believe they'll be conducting your hearing personally...
Yuuji: I see...
JB: You'll probably be... very upset with me...
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
JB: You'll know when the time comes.
Date: *July 25, 2012 - 23:21 - School Dormitory*
Narration: *―In the end, they'd gained basically nothing in the way of definite information. The return to the dorm was a slow, dispirited march; and the dark clouds above seemed to reflect the heavy anxiety in their hearts.*
Narration: *The situation hadn't changed at all. Their faces were full of gloom. Even when their eyes met, their mouths stayed shut. To speak would mean filling the air with more negativity.*
Narration: *"You can't think positive thoughts on an empty stomach."*
Narration: *With this proclamation, Amane gathered all her classmates in the lobby and began to prepare them a "late-night snack."*
Narration: *The others didn't find her argument particularly persuasive, but they stayed put regardless. No one even tried to return to their room.*
Narration: *They resembled nothing so much as a group of children who'd grown anxious while alone in their home, and were now waiting by the door for their mother's return.*
Narration: *While the snack had been Amane's idea in the first place, she couldn't quite hide her own discouragement. Rather than anything elaborate, she threw together an "oden" stew with leftovers from her fridge.*
Narration: *When people are feeling anxious, feed them something warm and they'll calm down a little. That was a lesson Amane herself had learned through experience.*
Narration: *And so, as the oden simmered on top of a portable gas stove, the five young women slowly gathered around it and began to eat in silence.*
Narration: *At times like these, when things grew gloomy and quiet, one of them was always the first to make some noise.*
Michiru: Come on, Makina! Don't just eat the eggs! You're not leaving any for me!
Makina: Oh, right... Sorry, Chiruchiru... I was kinda spacin' out. Here, I'll give ya my daikon... Here ya go, eat up. It's pipin' hot, ya know?
Michiru: Aagh, too hoooot!!! Gah! Hey! Don't push it into my mouth! What'sh th' big idea!?
Yumiko: ...Come to think of it, why oden at this time of year...?
Amane: I wasn't really feeling up to making anything too complicated... and Michiru said oden sounded good...
Narration: *Conscious of the increasingly dark mood, Michiru had requested a "piping hot oden" as soon as Amane suggested a meal.*
Narration: *This sort of thing usually led to a rowdy free-for-all around here. She was probably hoping it might change the atmosphere, at least slightly.*
Narration: *It didn't exactly end up working out that way, but Amane recognized Michiru's thoughtfulness. It was something she'd always liked about her.*
Narration: *As time passed, a growing sense of powerlessness had gnawed away at the group's energy.*
Narration: *Today, even Makina wasn't watching television.*
Narration: *But when the principal eventually wandered in, she was wearing her usual dopey smile on her face. The woman clearly didn't know how to read a room.*
Principal: Oh my! That's quuuite a tasty smell in the air.♪
Yumiko: Do you need something?
Principal: Uh, I didn't just come over here because I smelled the oden, all right!? You don't have to scowl at me like that!
Makina: Hm? So ya don't want any, then?
Principal: Well, I didn't say thaaat. But in any case... Tachibana Chizuru has answered the call of duty, everyone! It took a great deal of blood, sweat, and tears, but I got in touch with Harudera-san!
Makina: Say what!? Good work, Chizuchizu! Awright! I'll reward ya with the remainin' half of Chiruchiru's pipin' hot daikon! Open up!
Principal: Yow, that's hot!! Hey! Too hot! You gotta blow on it fiiirsht!!
Michiru: Heeeey! That's my daikon, for your information!!
Yumiko: That's not important right now! You said you got in touch with her!?
Principal: Oh, right. I've actually got her... yow, hot... on hold right now... owch! Ooh, my glasses are fogging up...
Narration: *Snatching the cell phone her principal offered her, Yumiko took the call off hold and eagerly pressed the speaker to her ear.*
Yumiko: Hello!? Sakaki speaking!!
JB: "...This is Harudera. My apologies for the difficulties I caused you in that incident with your father..."
Yumiko: Let's put that aside for now, please. We want to hear about Kazami-kun...
JB: "You already have a good idea of what's going on, don't you?"
Yumiko: ...We have no real proof.
JB: "Well, I'm afraid there's a limit to what I can tell you. Can I have your understanding on this?"
Yumiko: Yes, of course...
JB: "Well then, first of all... regarding Kazami Yuuji's present circumstances. The reports you're seeing on television about his participation in terrorist activities are inaccurate..."
JB: "But given his unique position in this matter, he's not been fully cleared of suspicion. Accordingly, he's being held in a top-secret facility."
JB: "His health is, for the most part, satisfactory. This is as much as I'm able to tell you."
Yumiko: ...That's it!?
JB: "Well, if there's anything else I can say... It would be 'forget about Kazami Yuuji.' Don't get involved in this any further. In the end, he lived in a different world than yours."
Yumiko: At least let us speak with Kazami-kun, then! I won't ask to see him face-to-face, but at least let us talk to him over the phone...!
JB: "I'm afraid that's simply not possible... Try to understand that the fact I'm speaking with you right now is itself something of a miracle. One that your principal used rather forcible means to procure."
JB: "Also..."
Yumiko: ...Also?
JB: "...Kazami Yuuji himself has stated that he doesn't want to see any of you."
Yumiko: That... can't be right. Why...?
JB: "He doesn't want to hurt you any further, perhaps...? No, I suppose that's giving him too much credit."
JB: "But one way or the other, I'm certain that these are his genuine feelings on the matter."
JB: "If at all possible, I hope you can respect them..."
Yumiko: ...All right...
Narration: *From the way Yumiko forced this reply through her tightly-clenched mouth, it was immediately clear to everyone that the situation had not taken a turn for the better.*
Narration: *The principal accepted her now-silent phone from Yumiko...*
Narration: *And with a glance at her students that seemed to say "I told you so," promptly left the dorm as if to flee from their pursuit.*
Narration: *They'd gained some new information from the conversation with Harudera. Firstly, the television reports were false; most likely a politically-motivated bluff of some kind.*
Narration: *Secondly, Kazami Yuuji was currently confined in a facility of some kind... and had stated that he didn't want to see any of them.*
Makina: C'mon! All that stuff about Onii-chan bein' a terrorist was bogus, right!? Why can't he come home!?
Yumiko: You know about his past, don't you? It's not nearly that simple... They're probably using him in their negotiations with the terrorists...
Michiru: Wait, hold on a second! Does that mean... even if this whole mess with the terrorist attack gets dealt with, Yuuji might not come back to Mihama!?
Yumiko: It seems entirely likely. At the very least, Kazami-kun seems to have no intentions of returning...
Sachi: I can't believe this... Did Kazami-san truly say he doesn't wish to see us?
Sachi: Is his situation so helplessly dire that he's deliberately pushing us away, out of concern for our well-being...?
Amane: I just wish we could at least see him and talk to him, even for a minute...
Narration: *As the group's spirits sank lower and lower, and a hint of resignation began to enter their voices... Makina abruptly leapt to her feet, her expression defiant.*
Makina: Screw this, man! Onii-chan didn't raise me ta be a woman who just sits around waitin'!
Michiru: Hey! You're spilling your tea everywhere! Just sit down, will you!?
Makina: Don't try ta stop me, Chiruchiru! I'll go alone if I have to!
Narration: *Yuuji himself had taught Makina to claim the things she wanted through her own efforts. Her reaction was, perhaps, only natural.*
Narration: *These days, it was practically impossible to calm her down once she got worked up...*
Narration: *And at such times, one particular classmate always took her side, perhaps out of sympathy or concern.*
Sachi: ...There is someone we want to see. Is that itself not reason enough to rise to our feet...?
Michiru: Haaah!? What the heck, Sachi!? You too!?
Sachi: ...Not long ago, Kazami-san spoke these words to me...
Michiru: She's not even hearing a word I say, is she...
Narration: *With my many misunderstandings resolved... I found myself possessed of a newfound strength and optimism, fully prepared to face life beyond Mihama Academy's walls.*
Narration: *But as I pondered how to proceed, Kazami-san spoke to me thus.*
Yuuji: What's going to happen to the others if you leave, Sachi? If you don't have any urgent reason to go, why don't you stick around Mihama a while longer?
Sachi: ...I have no pressing need to leave, but I have no reason to linger either...
Sachi: This may not be the kindest way to put it, but honestly, I don't care about the others right now...
Sachi: ...Kazami-san... do YOU have need of me?
Yuuji: Yeah, of course. I need you too, Sachi...
Sachi: In that case, I shall stay at your side forever...
Narration: *Lost in her memory of the words, Sachi closed her eyes and turned her face upward, whispering to herself with evident pleasure.*
Sachi: Once someone has need of you... once you've been loved... betrayal is simply unthinkable. Until the day Kazami-san no longer needs me... I will not abandon him.
Sachi: That is the essence of a maid... that is the way of Komine Sachi. Selfless devotion... unflagging patriotism... death to the western dogs...
Sachi: Accordingly... I will be going to Kazami-san! Even if it means plunging into the depths of hell itself!
Michiru: Wait, what do "western dogs" have to do with anything!? Like, okay... I get that you're all worked up and raring to go, but how are you gonna rescue him if we don't even know where he is?
Sachi: I shall investigate!
Michiru: How, exactly!?
Sachi: ......
Yumiko: ...Why are you looking at me...?
Sachi: Can you not hear the whispers of my heart...?
Yumiko: ...Well, I suppose I understand what you're trying to say...
Sachi: ...All you're good for is your money and your information. Try to make yourself useful for once...
Yumiko: Your heart's whispering a little too loudly! I get it! You don't have to spell it out!
Sachi: Will you heed my plea, then?
Amane: ...I mean, is it even possible to find that out...?
Yumiko: Well... as long as we assume that Kazami-kun hasn't fallen into the hands of the terrorists, a number of avenues for investigation do come to mind. That said, it would require a large amount of money and a good deal of time...
Makina: I've got plenty of dough, ya know!?
Yumiko: You can't move the money in your bank account around without it drawing attention.
Sachi: In that case, please use my sharky savings...
Yumiko: It isn't like we'll get back more information for every bit of pocket change we put into this. I'd rather not have anyone blame me for wasting their funds, so... don't worry about it. I'll cover the costs of the investigation...
Yumiko: ...Incidentally, what exactly are "sharky savings" supposed to be?
Makina: Aaaawwwright! I'll leave th' intel gathering and mission logistics ta you, punk! As of today, yer our chief of operations! We're countin' on you, Commander Sakaki!
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Sachi: Well then, let us begin gathering intelligence... immediately, if not sooner.
Yumiko: ...What? Uhm, I can't do much without a computer...
Makina: Awright then, let's head ta Yumi-chan's room!
Sachi: Allow me to escort you.
Yumiko: Whaaaat!? Hold on! Ow! Ow! You don't have to drag meee!!
Amane: ...Good grief... They could at least say thanks for the food first...
Michiru: ...Haaah...
Amane: Hm? What's wrong, Michiru? Aren't you going too?
Michiru: ...Do you really think it's okay to let them run wild like that...?
Amane: Well, what can you do? They'll never calm down just sitting around. It's probably better to have them working toward a nice, simple goal.
Michiru: You're up against the government here. This isn't some game that can be approached half-heartedly...
Amane: True enough... Still, if someone asked you whether you could just forget about Kazami Yuuji, what would you say?
Michiru: That I'll try my hardest to forget him... but unfortunately, effort isn't one of my strong suits.
Michiru: What about you, Suou Amane?
Amane: Oooh. Are we using our full names now, Matsushima Michiru?
Michiru: Please don't get off-topic. If someone ordered you to forget Kazami Yuuji, would you be all right with that?
Amane: Hmmm... well, let's see...
Narration: *Now in the midst of tidying up after the meal, Amane replied with a slightly awkward smile.*
Amane: Thanks to Yuuji, I think we're all capable of getting by on our own now. Even without him around, I'm confident we'd manage somehow or other...
Amane: But that doesn't mean I'm okay with him just disappearing on us, you know...?
Amane: I mean... at this point, I feel like Kazami Yuuji's a pretty big part of my destiny. He's the only one who can punish me for surviving... and that's basically what I've been living for...
Michiru: You look awfully calm, considering.
Amane: Well, I'm the type of woman who waits patiently at home, y'know? If the "mom" of the family freaks out, everyone just gets even more anxious.
Amane: That doesn't mean I'm not worried, of course. But I haven't given up, either. After all, Yuuji's the one who taught me how to hope again...
Amane: And honestly, I've always thought of him as something like an invincible superhero...
Amane: No matter where he goes, or how tough things get... if I've got dinner waiting for him, he'll always find his way home. I honestly believe that...
Michiru: How touching. But your voice is trembling, you know?
Amane: That's not true.
Michiru: Hmmm... well, in that case, I suppose there's no need for me to do anything either. Might as well just wait for Yuuji-kun to return...
Amane: ......
Michiru: ...What? Is there some reason you're staring at me...?
Amane: Yeah, you're right. We're up against the government, after all. There's no way we can beat them. No point blundering around...
Amane: Stay put and don't get yourself in any trouble, okay?
Michiru: ...Hmmm... now you're telling me what to do? Matsushima Michiru is a tsundere, you know? When you order her around like that, she'll want to do the opposite...
Amane: Aw, cut it out. This is dangerous stuff. You'll definitely regret it.
Michiru: Hmph... you're selling the one and only "Michiru-sama" awfully short...
Amane: Ah, hey! Michiru? Where are you going!?
Michiru: To Yumiko's room! Thanks for the oden! It was delicious!
Narration: *Squaring her shoulders, Michiru proceeded to stomp out of the lobby, breathing loudly through her nose.*
Amane: Sheesh... she was acting a little funny there, but at the end of the day, I guess Michiru's gonna be Michiru...
Narration: *And thus, with Sakaki Yumiko as chief of operations, the intelligence-gathering phase of the mission to recapture Kazami Yuuji began.*
Narration: *―That might sound kind of impressive, but essentially, the group had simply taken their first step toward discovering what they could do.*
Narration: *It was a very small step, and there was no guarantee it had brought them any closer to finding a road forward. In fact, there was a good chance it had been entirely wasted.*
Narration: *But regardless of all that, the pot Amane now carried back to her room felt somewhat lighter than it had a few hours before.*

Date: *July 25, 2012, 06:31 - School Dormitory - Amane's Room*
Narration: *―The next morning, when Amane woke in her bed and looked out her window, she found that rain had fallen in the night. The sides of the asphalt road were still glistening darkly.*
Narration: *Glancing around her room, she realized that Makina was nowhere to be found. She'd presumably stayed up all night "gathering intel" and then fallen asleep in Yumiko's room.*
Narration: *As for Amane herself... she'd slept so well that it surprised her a little.*
Narration: *It had always made her anxious when Yuuji went out on a "job." She'd known plenty of agitated, sleepless nights. As a result, she'd learned exactly how to get a good rest at times like this.*
Narration: *Basically, she had to force herself not to worry too much.*
Narration: *If her mind was full of thoughts like "What if something happens to Yuuji!?", then of course she wouldn't be able to sleep.*
Narration: *On the other hand, if she asked herself "What should we do once Yuuji gets back?", it got a lot easier to doze off.*
Narration: *Under the circumstances, she had to admit that line of thought seemed overly optimistic.*
Narration: *But anyone interested in marrying this particular man probably needed a certain degree of stubborn faith... if only for the sake of their mental and physical health.*
Narration: *And so...*
Amane: All right then. What should I do for breakfast?
Narration: *This seemingly "carefree" attitude was, in fact, a manifestation of Suou Amane's strength.*
Narration: *She had plenty of bread, tomatoes, and lettuce lying around. It wouldn't take too long to make a salad and some toast.*
Narration: *After that, she could cut a few slices of ham and fry some sunny-side up eggs... Hmm. Maybe it would be easier just to go with sandwiches? That way, she could have everything ready by the time the girls woke up...*
Makina: Ah... Ama-nee...
Amane: Hm? Makina? You're awake?
Makina: ...I'm sleepy. I'm sleepy as heck, but... I'm so hungry that I can't ac'shully sleep... Do ya got anything I could eat right away?
Amane: I can make a quick sandwich, if you can wait a little.
Makina: ...How long?
Amane: Hmmm... ten minutes?
Makina: ...Whoha...
Amane: What's that supposed to mean? Geez, you look like the world's ending...
Amane: It won't be long, so just be patient. Ah, I know... I'll cut you a piece of yokan jelly, so why don't you eat that while I'm getting the sandwich ready?
Makina: Uwoh! Sugar!? Is today some kinda national holiday, Sarge!?
Amane: Geez, talk about over the top...
Amane: Hm? Come on in, it's open.
Sachi: ...I apologize, Amane-san, but Michiru-sama has been rendered immobile by hunger. Might you be able to provide us with supplemental rations of some sort?
Michiru: Guuuuuuu... my stomach's... ruuumbling...
Amane: Oh man... you too, Michiru? I'll make you a sandwich right away, so go nibble on some yokan in the meantime...
Michiru: Yokan!? Where!? Where art thou, yokan!?
Amane: Whoa, she came back to life!
Amane: Uhm, I just gave the yokan to Makina, so... Huh!? Aaaah!!
Makina: ...Nmmnggmuhah... S-So good... yokan's sooo goood... hom... nom... *slurp*... sho good... nhaaaaah...
Amane: Oh, come on! Can you please eat that without making it so weirdly sexual!?
Sachi: She's biting into that jelly with all the verve of a drugged office lady pleasuring the penis of a Yakuza...
Amane: ...Okay, Sacchan, look... couldn't you have used a different analogy there?
Michiru: Aaah! My yokan! What the heck do you think you're doing!?
Makina: Nwoh!? Chiruchiru!? Unhand me! This yokan's mine, ya know!?
Michiru: Shaddup! You already had enough, right!? It's my turn! This is my yokan! Hamf!! Nom! Nom nom!
Makina: Aaah! Ya can't eat all thaaaat! Nooooo! Hamf! Nm... nom... *slurp*...
Sachi: ...Look at that, Amane-san... they're pressing their faces together, fighting to fellate a single piece of yokan... Quite erotic, don't you think?
Amane: ...Uhm... have you guys, maybe... not slept at all?
Sachi: Yes.♪ Thanks to our sleep-deprived state, I believe everyone's gone a little funny in the head! Ahaha.♪
Amane: Aaah...
Sachi: Might I join in as well and make this a triple-blowjob?
Amane: Oh, for crying out loud! I'll get you something real soon, so just be patient for once!
Narration: *No matter the circumstances, human beings always grow hungry.*
Narration: *And once you add sleep deprivation to the mix, it's not unusual for things to get a little out of hand.*
Narration: *Amane was herself extremely familiar with the negative effects hunger and fatigue could have on the human psyche.*
Narration: *No one here was on the verge of resorting to violence, of course, but it still pained her to see two people fighting over a single piece of food.*
Narration: *Fortunately, there was no need for concern.*
Narration: *Suou Amane always kept herself well-stocked for just such an occasion.*
Narration: *Soon enough, she'd opened up a few cans of pineapple to tide everyone over until the sandwiches were ready. The half-crazed young ladies proceeded to devour them messily, all but pushing their faces into the cans.*
Narration: *Five minutes later, the derangement brought on by their hunger and exhaustion had finally begun to fade.*
Amane: Here we go! Sandwiches are ready! We've got some bright-yellow American mustard and ketchup from the Netherlands over here. Take as much of the ham and veggies as you want, okay?
Makina: Ooooh yeah! Chiruchiru, ya know how to do this, right!?
Michiru: What are you talking about? You just put it together however you want, right?
Makina: Hell no! Ya gotta start off by smearin' mustard on yer bread!
Michiru: Ah, hey! Isn't that too much!?
Makina: The stuff ain't too spicy, so this is just about right. Anyhoo, next ya lay down the lettuce, see? Then plop on the ketchup!
Michiru: Gaaaah!! You're putting way too much on, seriously!
Makina: Next comes th' cheese and ham... then th' sliced onions and tomatoes. Now ya throw on the other piece of bread and chow down! Do ya cut the crusts off yer bread, Chiruchiru?
Michiru: Well, I'm fine either way...
Makina: Anyhoo, just give it a try. It's hella tasty!
Michiru: Nm... mngh... wow, that's good...
Makina: I know, right?
Amane: Okay, everyone. The eggs are ready too.
Makina: It's egg time! I want me some of that!
Amane: Heh, this kind of takes me back... Remember when you first came to Mihama, Makina? You wouldn't eat anything but this.
Sachi: Is that so?
Amane: You bet. Haven't I told you about this before? At the time, Makina didn't like pretty much anything I fed her... but she always wolfed down my egg sandwiches.
Makina: I mean, they were crazy good, ya know?
Amane: It was kind of a shock when she told me something this easy to make was tastier than anything else, you know?
Sachi: This really is quite tasty, though. Is it that simple to prepare?
Amane: Yep. You just break three eggs into a bowl, add a little salt and pepper...
Amane: Then throw in a good five to six tablespoons of mayo and mix it up real nice. After that, just heat it up in a frying pan without using oil. Once they're solid and simmering, you're done.
Sachi: Very informative. I have made a mental note.
Amane: Come to think of it, where's Sakaki-san? Did she fall asleep?
Sachi: Yes. She did stay up all night investigating, but... After running out of ways to pursue the search early this morning, she decided to get some rest before picking up where she left off.
Amane: ...Okay. So what were you guys doing in her room, exactly?
Makina: I was keepin' an eye on Yumi-chan ta make sure she didn't fall asleep!
Michiru: I was keeping an eye on Makina to make sure she didn't fall asleep while she was keeping an eye on Yumiko!
Sachi: And I was keeping an eye on Michiru-sama to make sure she didn't fall asleep while she was keeping an eye on Maki-chan while she was keeping an eye on Sakaki-san... *gasp*!
Amane: ...Uh, you really didn't need to force yourself to say all that in a single breath.
Amane: Also, mind if I make a little observation here?
Sachi: ...I don't believe I care to hear it.
Amane: I'm gonna say it anyway. You people are all idiots.
Makina: Aw, c'mon! We might be a little dumb, but Chiruchiru's th' one who fell asleep right away! She's th' only real idiot here!
Michiru: Excuse me!? When I woke up and went "Oh crap, musta nodded off," I looked over and found you snoring away! 
Makina: That ain't right! I was just testin' you by pretendin' to sleep! It's yer fault for not even noticin', Chiruchiru!
Sachi: ...Ah, incidentally, I was awake the entire time. I kept Sakaki-san provisioned with coffee and made her some Oyang yakisoba when she got hungry.
Sachi: ...Come to think of it, Sakaki-san is something of a night owl by nature. Perhaps there wasn't any need to monitor her... But I did want to hear any new information as soon as possible. In the end, I stayed with her until morning.
Amane: How'd it go? Did you find any new information?
Sachi: Well, yes... Relying on Sakaki-san's personal connections and a members-only information exchange, we were able to gather more intelligence than expected...
Makina: First off, ya remember that rumor about Heath Oslo's terrorist group bringin' weapons of mass dee-struck-shun into the country? Seems like it's fer real.
Amane: ...What do you mean by "weapons of mass destruction," exactly?
Makina: Mm... we don't know fer sure, but they're prob'ly nuclear. Or somethin' pretty darn close.
Makina: In th' nuclear scenario, they're thinkin' it was prob'ly made from radioactive waste. If it ain't nuclear, talk is it might be some kinda nasty biological or chemical weapon.
Amane: Gaaaah... why would they bring something like that here...?
Sachi: Well... there are a number of theories concerning their objective...
Sachi: In the shadier corners of the internet, some believe it's an attempt to set off a third world war... a fabrication intended to constrain certain continental powers... or merely a distraction from the base-relocation controversy.
Amane: None of those really sound all that convincing...
Sachi: The matter does involve national defense, and the secrets of both Japan and America... so it's only natural that accurate information would be hard to come by...
Sachi: No matter how knowledgeable Sakaki-san may be, in the end, she's merely a student. Given her position, the most she could do was gather a large quantity of dubious, unsourced rumors...
Michiru: This is something Yumiko said, but... when you're able to gather this much info, that also means it's basically impossible to determine what's valid and what isn't.
Michiru: If there's no way of verifying whether this stuff is true or not, people can make a quick buck by making up something vaguely plausible... So you end up gathering a whole bunch of basically useless "intelligence."
Amane: So basically, you weren't able to figure out where Yuuji is?
Makina: Welp, we got one report that "Kazami Yuuji is imprisoned in Area 51," and another that says "There are two Kazami Yuujis." Take yer pick.
Amane: Er, they both seem pretty hard to swallow...
Sachi: At the moment, Sakaki-san is still in the process of determining the authenticity of all the information she gathered.
Amane: And... how's she gonna do that?
Sachi: Using her "feminine intuition," apparently.
Michiru: What the heck?
Amane: Hmmmm...
Narration: *In the end, was there simply nothing they could do?*
Narration: *Even if they were to get their hands on accurate information, what could a handful of students accomplish with it?*
Narration: *In the first place, why were they so fixated on Kazami Yuuji?*
Narration: *This wasn't the time for such a question, perhaps, but if they were forced to answer...*
Makina: ...Why are we so fixated on Kazami Yuuji, you ask? ...Heh... a foolish question...
Sachi: However, if you truly must know, I shall reply thusly...
Makina: It is because... I am a shark!
Michiru: Okay, what the hell!?!
Makina: Shaaaaark!
Amane: Okay, okay, that's more than enough Shark Man...
Narration: *These three really were weirdly keyed-up... Staying up all night (except for a few naps?) had clearly taken its toll.*
Amane: In any case, I guess we still can't run out and do anything careless for the moment...
Amane: All right, then. Once you three finish your food, go get a little sleep, okay? I'll wake you up around noon.
Makina: Okaaay.
Narration: *When your enemies are unseen, and the situation itself is murky, there's a limit to what you can do.*
Narration: *What's important isn't finding an immediate course of action... it's building up your mental and physical strength so that you're prepared to face whatever challenges may arise.*
Date: *July 25, 2012, 11:28 - School Dormitory - Yumiko's Room*
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko had not slept well. Uncomfortably hot under her blanket, she'd tossed and turned for hours. And now, she'd awoken to the aggravatingly shrill voices of the cicadas.*
Narration: *The silk shirt she wore instead of a pajama top was glued to her skin with sweat. It was incredibly unpleasant.*
Narration: *Yumiko rose in her bed with all the grace of a lumbering bear coming out of hibernation... then lowered her feet to the floor (quite cold, thanks to the air conditioning), sluggishly took off her clothes, and made for the bathroom.*
Narration: *In the shower, she briefly rinsed her stiff, sweaty hair with a camellia oil shampoo, then wiped the stickiness from her skin with plenty of body wash. At this point, she finally began to regain the capacity for coherent thought.*
Narration: *There hadn't been a great deal of plausible information among the rumors she'd spent the previous night gathering.*
Narration: *Sensing that she had reached the limits of her personal investigative capabilities, Yumiko had been forced to consider altering her methods.*
Narration: *Specifically, it didn't seem likely that she'd get any further browsing the internet from her room... and so, she'd resolved to meet an information broker face-to-face.*
Narration: *This was something of a daunting prospect for a semi-shut-in, boxcutter-brandishing woman whose interpersonal skills left much to be desired, but there really wasn't any other choice.*
Narration: *Under the circumstances, it wouldn't be right to complain about the "nuisance," or to push the task on someone else. By now, Yumiko had already decided to meet with an individual she'd settled on the previous night.*
Narration: *―The meeting place this "information broker" had specified was about an hour and a half from Mihama by train.*
Narration: *The neighborhood was inconveniently located; she'd needed to decide whether to go by way of Shinagawa, Yokohama, or Shibuya. Once she arrived, a five-minute walk from the station brought her to the middle of a sloping hill road.*
Yumiko: ...This is it, right...?
Narration: *Despite the cellular computing device she carried with her, Yumiko was referring to a map she'd printed out on paper, as if to take a stand against the imminent death of "analog culture."*
Narration: *Looking up from it, she gazed at the sign on the soba shop in front of her. Sure enough, it read "Okadaya."*
Narration: *Next, her eyes found the smaller sign which read "Now offering WiFi!" as if advertising a new menu item. This was oddly disconcerting; she'd only just taken a shower, but she could feel cold beads of sweat forming on her forehead.*
Yumiko: ...WiFi? In a soba shop...?
Narration: *It seemed bizarre. Extremely bizarre. Who took their laptop to a soba restaurant? And what exactly did that smaller sign that simply read "Maid Soba" even mean?*
Narration: *Why exactly did she have to set foot in this dubious establishment, anyway?*
Narration: *To answer that question, we would have to return to the previous night.*
Narration: *Yumiko had been sitting in front of her laptop, rubbing her porcelain-white chin and groaning to herself as she reviewed the copious amounts of nonsensical information she'd obtained.*
Yumiko: ...Hrmmmm...
Narration: *"...Perhaps I should change my approach...?"*
Narration: *She knew much of this intelligence had to be nonsense, but she didn't have any way to separate the fact from the fiction. *
Narration: *Accordingly, Yumiko switched her focus to searching for an individual who could evaluate the authenticity of the reports she'd gathered.*
Narration: *In other words, she stopped looking for information on Kazami Yuuji and began to look for information on sources who'd be familiar with Kazami Yuuji's case.*
Narration: *Among these, an individual known as "Jimmy Okada" was mentioned as providing accurate and plentiful intelligence.*
Narration: *Yumiko had groaned at the sight of that name; it would have been more appropriate for a guitarist in a Japanese rock band. But the man was an information broker's information broker... hopefully that meant something.*
Narration: *Looking into Okada, she found that he'd belonged to the intelligence department of a major power's armed forces, but was dismissed due to certain "character flaws." He was now a civilian, although the military kept an eye on him.*
Narration: *She'd assumed it would be difficult to get in touch with such an individual, but that fear proved to be unfounded. *
Narration: *A few minutes on Phasebook, the world's most popular social networking website, and she'd struck up a conversation with him. It was almost anticlimactic.*
Narration: *In any case, while arranging a meeting with Jimmy Okada had been surprisingly easy... The place he'd designated for their discussion was this odd little establishment.*
Narration: *"A maid-themed soba restaurant with private rooms... and WiFi...?"*
Narration: *Honestly, it was beyond odd. "Bizarre" felt about right.*
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko felt something like a woman who'd been drinking cocktails with her boyfriend in a stylish blues bar, only to develop a sudden need to defecate, forcing her to decide if she'd look for a bathroom...*
Narration: *But doing her best to push her anxiety aside, she reached out for the door to the restaurant.*
Narration: *As the sliding door rattled open, a loud voice immediately reached Yumiko's ears.*
Employee: "Fuckin' Jaaaaps! How many times do I have to tell you not to take off your socks for the ero scenes!? Stupid yellow monkeys!"
Narration: *Stopping abruptly at the sound of this deranged diatribe, Yumiko turned her eyes tentatively toward its source. An employee was sitting in the kitchen, holding his head and screaming as he played an "eroge" on his laptop computer.*
Narration: *"I've come to a terrible place..."*
Narration: *In that moment, a profound sense of regret washed over her.*
Cat-eared Maid: Welcome home, mistress! Just you today? Meeeow.
Narration: *As Yumiko stood hesitantly in the doorway, a cat-eared maid abruptly appeared before her. For some reason, she was speaking in an oddly shrill voice, almost like that of an anime character.*
Narration: *"Did she just say... meow...!?"*
Narration: *A bit of a cold shiver ran down Yumiko's spine. But after coming all this way, she couldn't bring herself to go home empty-handed.*
Yumiko: Uhm... I was supposed to be meeting someone here...
Cat-eared Maid: Ah, yes, yes. We're purr-fectly aware. Your room's right this way, meow.
Yumiko: Er... okay...
Cat-eared Maid: Oh, there's a step here, so watch out. Meow.
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Yumiko: Yowch!
Cat-eared Maid: Meow clumsy can you get? Take off your shoes there. Let's go.
Yumiko: Oh, what the... Honestly...
Narration: *Hurriedly removing her shoes, Yumiko let the superficially polite cat-eared maid guide her to the back of the restaurant, then kneeled down on her floor cushion to wait. The maid soon reappeared with a bowl of chicken giblets.*
Yumiko: ...Uhm...
Cat-eared Maid: It's your a-purr-tizer. No cancellations, meow.
Yumiko: That's not it... Has the person I'm waiting for not arrived yet...?
Cat-eared Maid: Be patient, meow. No point getting antsy after you came all this way, right? Here, have a drink...
Narration: *Placing a glass in Yumiko's hand, the maid proceeded to uncork a bottle of beer.*
Yumiko: Uhm, excuse me! I didn't want alcohol...!
Cat-eared Maid: That's okay. It's a non-alcoholic beer. Goes purr-fectly with lunch. It's hot out there right meow, I'm sure. Go on, give that parched throat a bit of refreshment.
Yumiko: ...Uuu...
Cat-eared Maid: By the way, if you purr-chase "katsudon" at our shop, you'll get cabbage and a freshly-fried cutlet on top of your rice...
Cat-eared Maid: So if you want the normal kind, make sure to order a "ni-katsudon" instead. Understood? Meow.
Yumiko: Oh... er... okay...
Cat-eared Maid: Okay then, I'll be back in just a meowment to take your order. No rush!
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *"Honestly... what is with this place...?"*
Narration: *Well, whatever. She didn't have anything to do with herself until Jimmy arrived. Might as well browse the internet while working on her chicken and beer.*
Narration: *After booting up the ultraportable netbook she'd brought along, Yumiko pressed the F-key to turn on its WiFi. She couldn't help smiling in amusement when it actually found an open network.*
Narration: *Glancing at the clock in the corner of her PC screen, she realized that the time for her meeting with Jimmy had come and gone without any sign of him.*
Narration: *"Perhaps it just isn't that easy to meet with a top-flight information broker..."*
Narration: *Or maybe... circumstances had changed somehow, in a way that had prevented him from meeting her?*
Narration: *Trying to suppress her anxiety, she waited for a full 20 minutes.*
Narration: *Using the store's internet connection, she sent a number of Phasebook messages to Jimmy, but there was no response whatsoever.*
Narration: *"Have I been stood up?"*
Narration: *Come to think of it, perhaps it had been a bit ridiculous to imagine that a mere student could so easily arrange a meeting with a former intelligence officer from a major world power.*
Narration: *There was nothing for it. She'd just have to make a fresh start.*
Narration: *With her mind made up, Yumiko called out to the cat-eared maid in order to request her bill.*
Yumiko: Uhm... pardon me, I think I'm about ready to...
Cat-eared Maid: Ah, sure, sure. Soba time! Do mew want it hot? Cold? The choice is yours, meow.
Yumiko: Uhm, no... that's not what I...
Cat-eared Maid: I purr-sonally recommend it cold! Sound good, meow?
Yumiko: Ah... uh... okay...
Narration: *It would feel rather awkward to leave the restaurant having ordered nothing but an appetizer.*
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko had her strengths, but she could be quite cowardly about the oddest things.*
Narration: *After less than five minutes of waiting, her soba arrived.*
Cat-eared Maid: Here we are, meow! One order of cold soba!
Yumiko: Oh... thank you...
Narration: *This store was bizarre, as were its employees. She'd been given a serving of chicken giblets she never asked for, and their idea of "katsudon" was rather odd, but the soba itself looked ordinary enough.*
Narration: *Still more than a little dubious, Yumiko cautiously began to eat her food, but found it perfectly edible. In fact, it was outright delicious.*
Narration: *Thinking back, she realized that her last meal had been an Oyang yakisoba that Komine Sachi had prepared for her last night. Suddenly remembering the fact that her belly was empty, she proceeded to gobble down the soba with gusto.*
Narration: *With her stomach feeling somewhat fuller, she was just about to stand up and ask for the bill... when a certain shady-looking foreigner appeared at her side, carrying a small pot of water and a few condiments.*
Creepy Employee: Hey there! How'd you like the soba I made!? Here's the water from the pot. You can drink it straight, or add it to your broth and toss in some condiments for a real spicy time!
Yumiko: ...Er, okay...
Narration: *This man was... remarkably suspicious-looking.*
Narration: *That said, she had to admit the soba water was delicious.*
Creepy Employee: ...So anyway, what do you want to know?
Yumiko: ...Pardon?
Creepy Employee: You came to see me because you wanted information of some kind, right?
Yumiko: Whaaat!?
Creepy Employee: You are here to see Mr. James Okada, yes? That would be me. 
Yumiko: Huh? But... Huh!?
Narration: *In an instant, Yumiko's mental image of a sharp, steely-eyed intelligence operative crumbled to dust.*
Narration: *It was something of a shock to learn that "James Okada" was, in fact, a hentai-loving nerd who played eroge while making soba.*
Narration: *Given that Yumiko's levels of stress and confusion had already been elevated for some time, it was honestly difficult to resist the urge to scream.*
Jimmy: Well, in any case, nice to meet you. I'm James Okada. You can call me Jimmy.
Jimmy: Oh, don't bother introducing yourself. I've already looked into you.
Narration: *With this remark, Jimmy offered a casual, friendly smile.*
Narration: *"Calm down, Yumiko. You're on your opponent's home turf. You've already lost if you let him get you flustered!"*
Narration: *Although she honestly wasn't sure what "winning" would even constitute in this situation, Yumiko nonetheless cleared her throat and tried to calm herself.*
Yumiko: ...Ahem... Uhm... is James Okada... actually your name?
Jimmy: Does it need to be? What a dumb question. Mind if I go back to my eroge now?
Yumiko: Ah... wait! There's something I need to ask you...!
Jimmy: Hahah, of course there is. I know exactly what you want to ask.
Yumiko: Oh... yes, I...
Jimmy: You're just dying to know about that maid with the cat ears, right?
Yumiko: ...No, no!!
Jimmy: She is my one and only waifu! We met by chance in an Akihabara maid cafe, you see...
Narration: *"Oh no... he's a complete manchild..."*
Narration: *Regret weighed heavily on Yumiko's mind. It would have been better not to come.*
Narration: *Was this man really a former intelligence operative who'd worked for a major power...?*
Narration: *Well... perhaps his personality had been exactly why he'd lost that job with his organization.*
Narration: *He seemed to enjoy blathering endlessly on regarding things you hadn't even asked him about. That seemed like a potentially serious flaw for someone involved in top-secret matters of national defense.*
Jimmy: ...So in the end, I decided to marry her and take over the family soba shop! Understand now?
Yumiko: Yes, I certainly do. On another note, uhm... regarding the matter of Kazami Yuuji...
Jimmy: Oooh, right, right, this was about Yuzuri! I'm aware of what's going on, of course. At the moment, he's confined in the basement at Ichigaya.
Yumiko: ...Why is that? And for that matter, how do you know him?
Jimmy: What, you want the whole story? We go pretty far back...
Narration: *"Oh no... this one might go on for hours..."*
Narration: *The idea of listening to him prattle on was rather aggravating, but an executive summary might not get her to the truth. Often, you'll learn more from the "idle chatter" of your source than the words they choose more carefully.*
Jimmy: Well... long story short, Yuzuri and I joined the military at the same time.
Jimmy: And after he jumped over to Ichigaya, I started working as a systems engineer for their "parent company." I'm pretty darn familiar with the guy.
Yumiko: Ah... wait, does that mean... Are you Robbie...?
Jimmy: Shhh. The man with that name died some time ago. I'm James Okada, nothing more.
Yumiko: ...Died...?
Jimmy: Yep. Poor Robert Wolson was making a certain something in the basement of a certain intelligence agency... Well, not quite. He was compelled to assist with its construction...
Yumiko: What was this "certain something"?
Jimmy: Look, uhm... what was your name again?
Yumiko: Sakaki Yumiko...
Jimmy: Suck akey?
Yumiko: Sakaki!
Jimmy: Sorry 'bout that, Jubiko. Japanese names are tough to pronounce.
Yumiko: It's Yumiko!!
Jimmy: Don't sweat the small stuff, Jubiko. In any case, are you familiar with the term SIGINT?
Yumiko: ...It refers to intelligence-gathering networks based on the interception of signals, I believe...
Jimmy: Yep. And in order to handle the enormously complex calculations required to intercept and analyze those signals, you need a very, very powerful computer. Robbie participated in the development of the supercomputer in question.
Yumiko: But Japan already has SIGINT systems in place, doesn't it?
Jimmy: Well, sure. You're talking about the public systems that comply with the privacy and communications laws. We were making a completely unrestricted system with no limitations whatsoever.
Yumiko: Such a thing exists? In Japan, of all places...?
Jimmy: Yep. Incidentally, the open wireless LAN in this restaurant is hooked up directly to the system in question.
Jimmy: In other words, you've spent the last half-hour accessing our SIGINT system with that little netbook of yours.
Yumiko: ...What!?
Jimmy: Yep. Nothing to be concerned about, though.
Jimmy: It's a stealthy connection that takes advantage of a backdoor in the system, y'see...
Jimmy: On the other hand, we're able to peek at the intelligence the SIGINT system has been gathering from our end... to a limited degree. That would be the source of my information on Yuzuri, by the way.
Yumiko: ...Then your claim that Kazami Yuuji's currently confined in Ichigaya's basement...
Jimmy: Absolutely true. My waifu says there's no doubt about it, too.
Yumiko: Your wife...?
Jimmy: Well, never mind about that. Is there anything else you wanted to ask?
Yumiko: Uhm... yes. Why is Kazami Yuuji being imprisoned...?
Jimmy: Didn't I explain this in our chat yesterday? Also, plenty of people have already found their way to the answer, even if they're skeptical about it.
Yumiko: The clone soldier plan...?
Jimmy: Yep, exactly. Basically, it was a plan to create a whole bunch of clones made from the genes of truly superb soldiers...
Jimmy: Just like weapons of mass destruction, it originated from the basic idea that war ultimately boils down to "people."
Jimmy: Apart from superb physical capabilities, they also intended to breed for obedience and mental resilience. The idea wasn't to immediately drop the clones into combat; they were expecting 20 years or so of research and development.
Yumiko: Just as we create weapons for war, they wanted to create humans specialized for the same purpose...?
Jimmy: That's the idea. I mean, it's probably a bit cheaper than making killer robots, you know? When it comes to weaponry, "affordability" is often more important than potency...
Jimmy: Instead of buying one 30 billion yen aircraft, picking up 30 soldiers with no fear of death seems like a pretty good deal, right? At the very least, it would be a logical choice for countries locked in long-term military struggles.
Yumiko: But what does that plan have to do with Kazami Yuuji...?
Jimmy: That's pretty simple as well. Heath Oslo, the terrorist who recently entered Japan, regards Yuzuri highly as a potential gene donor for the clone soldiers project.
Jimmy: I'm not sure how much of this you know, but when he was under Oslo's command, "Kazami Yuuji" was an extremely efficient killing machine... And it seems clear that Oslo badly wants him back now.
Yumiko: Are you saying the government took him into custody to prevent his capture?
Jimmy: Well, sure, that's part of it. But it's not that simple.
Jimmy: This is just conjecture on my part, but I'm pretty sure Yuzuri isn't Oslo's sole objective...
Yumiko: What do you mean by that, exactly...?
Jimmy: Well, think about it. If he just wanted Yuzuri, the potential gains would hardly warrant the risk of smuggling WMDs into the country. Seems safe to assume he's playing for a bigger prize, don't you think?
Yumiko: To be sure...
Jimmy: As a matter of fact, I think Oslo's real objective might be the top-secret SIGINT system that was deployed in Japan. In other words, he wants to steal the "Thanatos System."
Yumiko: The... Thanatos System...?
Jimmy: Yep. It'd be one hell of a mess if the public found out an "extralegal" intelligence-gathering system like that even existed. And they definitely can't hand it over to the terrorists. That's where the negotiations begin.
Jimmy: Maybe the government says "We'll give you that Keizami Yuzuri you terrorists want so much, so forget about the Thanatos System. If you don't give up, we're prepared to dispose of him at any time." See?
Jimmy: Basically, they're keeping him handy as a potential source of leverage against the terrorists...
Yumiko: Is that "Thanatos System" really valuable enough to warrant the sacrifice of a human life...?
Jimmy: Oh, yes. Absolutely. Afraid I'm not too sure how to explain just how valuable it really is.
Yumiko: ...Is there... any way to rescue Kazami Yuuji...?
Jimmy: Nope. And in the first place, Yuzuri himself doesn't want to be rescued.
Yumiko: ...Yes... I suppose that's the single biggest problem...

Date: *July 25, 2012, 14:55 - "Ichigaya"*
Narration: *With a harsh, unpleasant buzz from a speaker embedded in the ceiling, the cell's featureless door unlocked itself.*
Narration: *Yuuji had been sitting crosslegged on his bolted-down bed, leaning his head against the padded wall as he aimlessly exercised his ocular muscles...*
Narration: *But in the moment that door opened, a voice spoke to him, and he opened his eyes.*
Adam: Out, 9029. It's time for your hearing.
Narration: *The visitor who'd broken Yuuji's idle, peaceful isolation was a man who'd previously introduced himself as "Adam." *
Narration: *As the two of them stared at each other expressionlessly, Yuuji slowly uncrossed his legs and slipped his feet into the pile slippers that he'd left lying on the room's oddly soft floor.*
Yuuji: ...What happened to Major Harudera?
Adam: We've been over this. I'm your case officer now. Besides, the Major appears to have had enough of your nonsense.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *He wasn't dejected by the fact that JB hadn't come.*
Narration: *A "hearing" might sound promising, but it meant an informal court-martial to convey decisions that were already made. He'd be given a few questions that he could only answer "yes" to; any statement on his part would be meaningless.*
Narration: *Whatever the final judgment might be, Yuuji wasn't eager for JB to learn of it.*
Narration: *To put the matter simply... He was feeling the same relief as a punk kid who'd managed to avoid having his mom come pick him up from police custody after some meaningless fight.*
Narration: *Without any sign of anxiety or anger, Yuuji obediently held out his arms for the handcuffs Adam had produced. There was no way to know what Adam thought of this indifferent behavior, but after a few moments, he spoke again.*
Adam: Are you in need of anything at present? As your case officer, I can pass any requests up the chain of command.
Yuuji: ...For starters, could you take off these handcuffs?
Adam: I can't do that.
Yuuji: Will you scratch my ass for me, then? I've got an itch down there that's driving me crazy.
Adam: Make your idiotic jokes while you can.
Narration: *This was hardly the first time Yuuji had faced a hearing or received disciplinary measures of some kind. Normally, such meetings were held in the small conference room on the second floor.*
Narration: *The two of them boarded an elevator, and Adam retrieved an identification card from his suit. Slipping it into a slot next to the control panel, he proceeded to speak the name "Adam Black" into a concealed microphone.*
Narration: *Having verified its occupant's identity, the elevator began to move... in a manner contrary to Yuuji's expectations.*
Yuuji: ...Wait, we're going down?
Adam: Shut your mouth and follow me.
Narration: *They proceeded down a number of similar corridors, many protected by fingerprint and retina-based identification systems, and rode numerous elevators that took them both up and down.*
Narration: *After about twenty minutes of patiently allowing himself to be dragged around by Adam, Yuuji couldn't repress the urge to click his tongue irritably.*
Yuuji: ...I don't know how far you plan on taking me, but you're certainly being cautious about it.
Adam: Yes. The interrogator who will be conducting your hearing is a very special individual, you see.
Yuuji: Who's it going to be?
Adam: Does "the woman in the basement" or "the professor" ring any bells?
Yuuji: Well, I've heard rumors about them, sure.
Adam: "She" will be the one conducting your hearing.
Yuuji: ...Hmmm. That a fact?
Narration: *Answering half-heartedly, Yuuji turned briefly to glance back at the hallway he'd just walked down.*
Adam: Stop looking over your shoulder every time we turn a corner. You don't need to remember the way back.
Yuuji: Why don't you blindfold me or something, then?
Adam: You expect me to lead you along by the hand?
Yuuji: Hrm, true enough. Wouldn't want you falling in love with me.
Adam: You never stop with the backtalk, do you? I'm thinking we need a gag more than a blindfold.
Yuuji: How long are you planning to keep me walking around like this, anyway?
Adam: Well, Kazami, let's see. Do you know which direction the room you've been in for the last few days is located?
Yuuji: Directionally speaking, it's in front of us. We're currently walking toward the place I was confined in.
Adam: What makes you think that?
Yuuji: Something felt a little odd about that last elevator ride... Unless I'm imagining things, I'm pretty sure the car made a half-rotation as it was moving through the shaft.
Adam: ...What, can snipers sense geomagnetism even without a compass? You're like some kind of migratory bird. Our stroll just got extended by another 30 minutes.
Yuuji: Oh come on, you can't be serious...
Narration: *Precisely thirty minutes later, having been led around like a dog on a walk, Kazami Yuuji finally found himself standing before an imposingly thick, bomb-resistant metal door.*
Narration: *One final time, Adam offered up his keycard, palm, and retina for inspection. With a heavy rumbling sound, the overlapping metal "bolts" that barred the door withdrew, and its lock was disengaged.*
Narration: *Stumbling into the room at a shove from his commanding officer, Yuuji found it unpleasantly cold. There was no hint of the current season in the air.*
Narration: *The walls were concrete, painted white and devoid of windows; the room had no furnishings whatsoever.*
Narration: *The only objects in the room that really stood out were the enormous monitor embedded in the far wall, and the surveillance cameras positioned in all four corners of the ceiling.*
Yuuji: ...No one's around. Hope she didn't head home after all that time we kept her waiting.
Adam: Just sit down.
Narration: *With that, Adam walked up behind Yuuji and opened a cheap-looking folding chair that he'd apparently produced out of thin air.*
Narration: *Only one chair had been prepared.*
Narration: *In other words, rather than meeting his interrogator directly, Yuuji would presumably be speaking with them through the monitor in front of him.*
Yuuji: ...Not that I'm really surprised, but...
Narration: *After making him walk in circles for nearly an hour, they weren't even going to meet him face-to-face. Just how paranoid was this person?*
Narration: *Snorting quietly to himself, he dropped into the chair heavily enough to make it groan. In response, the monitor on the wall turned on, and the lights in the ceiling grew dim.*
Adam: I'll come pick you up later on.
Narration: *Adam turned on his heel and left the room. A moment later, the heavy door closed itself, and a series of gears shifted the metal "bolts" back into place.*
Narration: *The air pressure in the room abruptly changed; Yuuji was forced to swallow in order to clear his ears.*
Narration: *"What exactly is going on here?"*
Narration: *As his eyes adjusted to the bright white image on the monitor before him, he found himself looking at a number of shutters resembling those of a camera lens.*
Narration: *Altogether, there were ten of them, drilled into what looked like a concrete foundation.*
Narration: *The shutters opened, and ten drum-shaped pillars emerged from the floor, rotating as they rose.*
Narration: *He had no real standard of reference, so it was difficult to tell their exact size, but at a glance each one of the pillars seemed to be at least two meters in height.*
Narration: *In the moment that their rise completed, a low metallic "thunk" reverberated through the room, and Yuuji felt the floor vibrate beneath his feet. The room he was looking at might be closer by than he'd thought.*
Professor: "Your name, please."
Narration: *There were presumably speakers hidden somewhere; a woman's voice filled the air, almost as if the room itself was speaking. In the same moment, the four cameras in the corner of the room turned their lenses toward Yuuji.*
Yuuji: ...Ichigaya special-duty agent nine zero two nine... Kazami Yuuji...
Professor: "Confirmed."
Narration: *"There's a genius locked up in the basement of Ichigaya who controls Japan's national defense."*
Narration: *Yuuji had heard rumors of the sort before.*
Narration: *His "company" had more than its share of secrets, so there were always plenty of unfounded stories going around, and it wasn't rare for unremarkable truths to be embellished dramatically.*
Narration: *Still...*
Yuuji: Can't say I was expecting the "professor in the basement" to be a machine...
Professor: "...It's been a while, Yuuji..."
Yuuji: I'm aware you've helped me out of a few close scrapes, but that's an odd way to greet someone you're meeting for the first time.
Professor: "...Have you forgotten my voice...?"
Yuuji: What are you talking about...?
Professor: "Well, that's all right..."
Narration: *As the "professor" let out a resigned little sigh, thin laser-like beams of light appeared from the four corners of the ceiling.*
Narration: *At the point where they intersected and interfered with each other, a three-dimensional "image" containing phase information took shape.*
Professor: "...Hmm? That's not right... Was it the other one?"
Professor: "How's this?"
Yuuji: ...Kazuki...?
Professor: "That's right. I'm Kazami Kazuki. Your big sister."
Yuuji: ...Stop it. This is one ugly joke... Kazuki... my sister died years ago...
Professor: "Yes, that's certainly what the records would have you believe. Tell me, then... who am I?"
Yuuji: It's a lie... Why are you showing me this nonsense!? What are you thinking!?
Professor: "I see you're as distrustful as ever... I must have told you a hundred times to doubt yourself before you doubt those around you."
Yuuji: ......
Professor: "That said, I do understand why you'd be hesitant to believe me..."
Professor: "To get right to the point, I survived on that mountain in the aftermath of the bus accident."
Professor: "Given the limited time available to us, I'll provide you with the simple version and save the details for later..."
Professor: "Essentially... at the conclusion of violent conflict over food, people began to die in rapid succession. I was severely injured myself..."
Professor: "Just as I was beginning to think all hope was lost, help arrived, thanks to Amane... but my body was already well beyond saving."
Professor: "Now this is something I didn't know either at the time, but apparently our father had taken out an insurance policy on my brain..."
Professor: "The sum involved was well into the hundreds of millions of yen, motivating them to plan an attempt at saving my brain itself, if not my body."
Professor: "This caught the attention of an individual who'd proposed the creation of an extralegal SIGINT system in Japan. Falsely reporting that my brain had been destroyed, they successfully used my head to develop a supercomputer."
Professor: "And so, we arrive at my present condition. Did you follow all that?"
Yuuji: ...Hold on a second, when did we leave the waking world behind? Did you mix something into my food? Take me back to reality, please... I'd rather dream I was a butterfly...
Professor: "Hmm... well, I suppose it was unreasonable to expect you to believe me based solely on that explanation. Still, I'm afraid I can't just show you my brain. It's not like my name is written on it, anyway. How troublesome..."
Yuuji: ...If you're really Kazuki, then try to guess what I'm thinking of right now.
Professor: "Is it a living thing, or an inanimate object?"
Yuuji: Inanimate...
Professor: "Is it something you can hold in your hand?"
Yuuji: Yes.
Professor: "Is it made of plastic?"
Yuuji: Yes.
Professor: "If you spoke to it, would it respond?"
Yuuji: Nope.
Professor: "Is it powered by electricity?"
Yuuji: Yes.
Professor: "Can you tell the time with it?"
Yuuji: No.
Professor: "Can you put it in your mouth?"
Yuuji: Yes.
Professor: "An electric toothbrush?"
Yuuji: ...That's right...
Professor: "Ah, that little game takes me back. We used to play it quite a lot when you were younger."
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I remember. I really wanted to beat you, so I challenged you over and over again...
Yuuji: Do you remember what I was thinking of the first time I got you to give up?
Professor: "Ah, yes. A 'gas valve,' wasn't it? Only because you said 'no' when I asked you if it could be used to start a fire."
Yuuji: The gas itself is what starts the fire. The valve doesn't.
Professor: "You're just splitting hairs."
Yuuji: Yeah... you said the same thing at the time...
Narration: *The games that the Kazami siblings had played as young children weren't recorded in any database.*
Narration: *Especially given the detailed nature of her memories, it was difficult to suspect that some third party had just created them.*
Yuuji: ...Is that really you, Nee-chan...?
Professor: "You really are a suspicious one... Feel free to ask me anything you like, then."
Yuuji: ...What's your favorite food?
Professor: "Yuuji."
Yuuji: ...It really is you...
Narration: *When they were quite young, for some reason he could no longer remember, Yuuji had asked his sister Kazuki what her favorite food was.*
Narration: *Without a moment's hesitation, Kazuki had emphatically declared "Yuuji!", and then proceeded to kiss him deeply on the mouth.*
Narration: *At the time, he'd quivered with genuine fear at the thought that his sister really might eat him. Just remembering this made him want to curl up into a ball of embarrassment.*
Narration: *By now, it was growing increasingly difficult for Yuuji to doubt the reality in front of him. He couldn't help but admit that this truly had to be Kazami Kazuki.*
Yuuji: Ugh, my head's starting to hurt...
Kazuki: "Oh my, how unfortunate. But not to worry. Humanity invented functional headache-relief drugs more than a hundred years ago. Ibuprofen, acetaminophen, acetylsalicyclic acid, ethenzamide... et cetera."
Kazuki: "I'll have some delivered to your room later. Be sure to express your gratitude for the inexorable march of medical progress. And to use them according to the suggested dosage."
Yuuji: Very thoughtful of you...
Narration: *How had this happened? What was even going on here?*
Narration: *The questions swirled through Yuuji's mind, but nothing resembling a comprehensible answer came into view.*
Narration: *There was one point in particular that made it impossible for him to simply accept the situation he found himself in.*
Yuuji: ...If you were alive... and this close by... then why'd you wait so long...?
Kazuki: "I'm sorry... but try to understand, Yuuji... I didn't want you to see me like this either..."
Kazuki: "It's not... as if I didn't want us to be reunited sooner. If I had a body... if I had the strength... I could have saved you from Heath Oslo's clutches earlier..."
Kazuki: "No, that's not right... I wouldn't have let that man take you in the first place..."
Kazuki: "I'm sorry for taking so long, Yuuji... I'm truly sorry... for never even knowing what you're going through..."
Yuuji: Stop it, Nee-chan...
Narration: *Simply complaining about the past wouldn't change the present one bit.*
Narration: *But if you look toward the future, those "complaints" can become lessons that help you avoid repeating the same old mistakes.*
Narration: *Where do you go from here? What happens next? Under your current circumstances, what's the best course of action?*
Yuuji: Hold on just a second, would you...? I'm starting to get seriously mixed up here...
Kazuki: "Accept the reality in front of you... and accept my existence."
Yuuji: That's going to take some time...
Yuuji: Not that I'm bragging, but I've been through a hell of a lot by now. I figured there wasn't much that could rattle me too badly at this point...
Yuuji: But... my "long-dead" sister was literally turned into a piece of national defense equipment? This is just too insane...
Kazuki: "I'm afraid we don't have time for you to get over it."
Yuuji: What do you mean...?
Kazuki: "You were called here so that I could explain what you'll be doing next... and my expectations of you."
Kazuki: "Are you prepared to listen?"
Yuuji: Say anything you like... I doubt anything could surprise me at this point.
Kazuki: "Okay then, Yuuji... would you kindly sacrifice yourself for the good of this country?"
Yuuji: All right.
Kazuki: "...An immediate answer... and you don't even seem upset. Were you anticipating this?"
Yuuji: ...Well, JB did give me a general overview of the situation. I figured it'd be something along these lines...
Yuuji: If I was speaking to anyone else, I'd probably be working myself up into a righteous rage at this point. But when it's coming from you, Kazuki... that's different. I won't question any order you give me, much less disobey...
Yuuji: ...What exactly should I do? What exactly can I do? Those are my only questions.
Kazuki: "I see. You're a good boy, Yuuji..."
Kazuki: "But our time is limited, so I'm going to get right to a basic explanation of the situation."
Kazuki: "You've heard that Heath Oslo brought weapons of mass destruction into the country, yes?"
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm not clear exactly what kind of weapons, though...
Kazuki: "There's no proof, so it's difficult to say for sure. But there's a high chance that we're dealing with something called a nuclear isomer bomb."
Kazuki: "It involves the use of a transition metal possessing a large neutron capture cross-section..."
Kazuki: "Specifically, excited Hafnium, which is exposed to low-intensity X-rays that induce gamma emission. A critical mass of material isn't required; it's the miniaturizable next-generation nuke of every militay's dreams."
Kazuki: "Well, I won't go out of my way to say which country is responsible... But a certain major power has invested roughly ten million dollars to date in a relevant weapons development enterprise owned by Heath Oslo."
Yuuji: More like a major pain in the ass...
Kazuki: "You owe this particular country a great deal. It wouldn't be kind to speak too harshly of him... He's quite desperate to keep winning all his fights, you know?"
Yuuji: Anyway, how much of this nasty stuff did Oslo smuggle into Japan?
Kazuki: "3000 milligrams worth."
Yuuji: What? Just three grams?
Kazuki: "Perhaps I didn't explain, but this is quite potent stuff. Those three grams could set off an explosion with a radius of 50 kilometers."
Yuuji: So the next-generation "matchbox bomb" everyone always dreamed of has finally been made a reality...?
Kazuki: "Matchbox would be a bit of an exaggeration. You need a box roughly the size of a Christmas cake."
Kazuki: "Also, the technology is still in an experimental phase, so there's a certain level of doubt regarding its practical effectiveness."
Yuuji: He's trying to intimidate the government with a weapon that isn't even finished yet?
Kazuki: "Even rumors can be quite effective deterrents, you know." 
Kazuki: "Not every country is ignorant enough to laugh off this threat on the assumption that such a weapon can't possibly have been completed. At the very least, the nation that funded its development wouldn't fall into that category."
Yuuji: ...Let me get to the point. Why did Oslo smuggle this stuff into the country, despite all the risks? What's his primary objective?
Kazuki: "You're sitting on top of it as we speak."
Yuuji: ...What?
Kazuki: "Men are all the same... they're just after your body. Oslo's simply itching to get his hands on me." 
Yuuji: Are you saying...
Kazuki: "Yes. His primary objective would be me... or rather, the Thanatos System, backbone of our signal-interception-based intelligence network."
Yuuji: Is this Thanatos System worth that much to him?
Kazuki: "The System is an independent distributed network of supercomputers. Apart from its surveillance capabilities, it can exert control over the SDF's Ground and Maritime defense systems. Meaning DICS and JTIDS, including MOF."
Kazuki: "Apart from monitoring all of the world's communications, it's fully capable of penetrating virtually any computer network. To put it more simply... you might say that it renders all encryption utterly meaningless."
Yuuji: ...I always thought you were a bit on the superhuman side, Nee-chan... but it seems you've turned into a genuine monster since the last time I saw you...
Kazuki: "This is a secret, all right? Don't brag about it to your friends at school."
Yuuji: Don't want people thinking you're a know-it-all, huh?
Kazuki: "Oh, it's even worse when they think you can DO it all."
Kazuki: "As a case in point, a prince who's heard a few rumors is currently brandishing a bomb in an attempt to kidnap me."
Kazuki: "Whatever shall I do, Yuuji? At this rate, your big sister may be ravished by a terrorist."
Yuuji: Hrm, that's certainly outrageous. I'd love to do something about it, but... this seems a bit much for me to handle on my own. Why don't you have the government help you out?
Kazuki: "If that were possible, I wouldn't have called you here in the first place."
Kazuki: "For a certain country A, it's problematic if I provide Japan with excessive information-warfare capabilities. But by assisting with the system's development, they were able to gain more intimate access to Japanese intel."
Kazuki: "From Japan's point of view, access to country A's IT power is highly attractive. In other words..."
Kazuki: "They badly want the intel they could gain by linking up to ECHELON, But they're nervous about having foreign nations rifling through their data. And displeased about giving country A greater control over their national defense."
Kazuki: "There is a great deal of risk involved in letting terrorists steal me, but from country A's perspective, it's ultimately someone else's money at stake..."
Kazuki: "And they could use the event itself to shut down the minority who'd argued that establishing a SIGINT system in Japan was premature." 
Kazuki: "Japan, on the other hand, would suffer a significant financial loss... But this setback would allow them a reprieve from the unpleasant sense that a stranger is constantly snooping through their PC's hard drive."
Kazuki: "Essentially, neither country would mind allowing me to be stolen, if they could find a way to turn it to their advantage."
Yuuji: Why'd they even create the system in the first place, then? Also, if Oslo steals a computer like that and misuses it... financial losses and the international pecking order are going to be the least of anyone's worries.
Kazuki: "Indeed. What they're currently discussing is something of a compromise offer, whereby Oslo would be provided with a mere 20% of the system."
Kazuki: "In exchange for handing over Kazami Yuuji, Oslo's secondary goal, they intend to demand his approval of this lower offer..."
Kazuki: "But honestly, even 20% is more than I would like to allow him."
Yuuji: Sure. It's like getting pushed down by a rapist and then offering the guy oral if he doesn't take your virginity.
Kazuki: "Goodness... you've certainly become a good deal more vulgar than you used to be..."
Yuuji: You're the one who made the analogy first, okay?
Kazuki: "In any case, that about covers it. While there are many interests at work here, I intend to defend myself to the greatest degree possible. And that's why I called for you."
Kazuki: "I'm asking you to use me as a decoy in an operation to wipe out the terrorists."
Kazuki: "Whether or not the terrorists accept our offer of 20%, I plan to send you over to Oslo. At which point you will murder him. What do you think?"
Yuuji: Another assassination job, huh...? You do realize I just failed to kill him the other day, right?
Kazuki: "For you, that man is the root of all evil. I think it's essential that you settle the score with him in order to put that nightmare behind you..."
Kazuki: "And while Oslo may think he's still capable of controlling you, you're no longer the person you once were."
Kazuki: "You've gained a great deal of experience and overcome countless trials. And, above all else, you now have me on your side. Rest assured, I'm calculating a perfectly respectable chance of victory."
Yuuji: ...Can't say I'm feeling all that optimistic myself.
Kazuki: "...This is a job only you can do... and there's no one else I can turn to. Please, Yuuji..."
Yuuji: All right... I'm on board...
Kazuki: "I see. Thank you, Yuuji... You really have changed, haven't you?"
Yuuji: ...My master used to say... the value of a man changes based on what he experiences, what he sees, what he thinks, and the men he meets.
Yuuji: I wasn't... going to be the boy you knew forever, Nee-chan...
Narration: *―Crying and complaining won't change a thing. To change the world, you have to start off by changing yourself.*
Narration: *Yuuji knew this. And he knew that, for all his talk, he hadn't really changed on a fundamental level.*
Narration: *Over the years, he'd slowly learned to do things he couldn't before. But he was still blundering awkwardly through life, and he was still a coward at heart.*
Narration: *What he needed now was the courage to take a step forward...*
Yuuji: ...I'll do what I can, for as long as I can.
Narration: *But just as he reached this decision, the sound of a buzzer filled the air; the door began to unlock itself, and Adam's voice flowed through the speakers in the ceiling.*
Adam: "...Time's up, 9029. We're returning to your cell."
Yuuji: ...Guess I need to be going...
Kazuki: "That's unfortunate, but I'm sure we'll be seeing each other again soon."
Yuuji: Bye, Nee-chan...

Date: *July 25, 2012, 18:11 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *As the sun outside the window sank slowly to the west, casting long beams of reddish light across the train's interior... Sakaki Yumiko was riding back in the direction of her dormitory, ruminating on the words of Jimmy Okada.*
Narration: *Yumiko's personality could be charitably described as "reserved." The conversation with Jimmy, a man who was "colorful" to a degree that likely caused difficulties in his everyday life, had taken a significant toll on her psyche.*
Narration: *It wasn't easy for an introvert to converse with a shamless pervert, basically. Her life bar had gone down so rapidly that she might as well have been walking through a dungeon covered in poison tiles.*
Narration: *Even so, she'd gained enough information to justify the cost. She now knew where Kazami Yuuji was. However, it would be difficult to see him, let alone rescue him; this was the primary cause for Yumiko's current brooding.*
Narration: *Of course, it was an open question whether the words of this man who called himself "Jimmy" could even be trusted in the first place. *
Narration: *A plan to introduce the ECHELON system into Japan?*
Narration: *A project to cultivate cloned super-soldiers?*
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, it all sounded perfectly absurd. Were she to consult an investment advisor, they'd undoubtedly inform her she was being scammed somehow.*
Narration: *And above all else, there was the possibility that Kazami Yuuji himself no longer had any intention of returning to Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *Why was he so utterly devoted to serving his nation?*
Narration: *Was there some compelling reason for this stubborn loyalty that they simply weren't aware of?*
Narration: *In the face of this seemingly hopeless situation, what could they possibly do?*
Narration: *"I wonder if this is how Kazami-kun felt when he first learned of our circumstances..."*
Narration: *Perhaps he had brooded over their problems, too. But what had been his ultimate conclusion?*
Narration: *As someone who'd been "saved" by Kazami Yuuji, Yumiko knew the exact answer to that question.*
Yumiko: ..."Kazami Yuuji can't do everything well, but there's nothing he can't do at all"...
Narration: *Remove the word "impossible" from your dictionary - you'll never make anything happen until you stop using it. Another favorite saying of his.*
Narration: *There was a practical limit to what a group of mere students could possibly accomplish.*
Narration: *But even so, to give up before they'd even tried... would mean they hadn't really changed a bit.*
Narration: *Having reached this conclusion, Yumiko looked up through the train window, allowing herself to picture Kazami Yuuji's face in the sky above.*
Yumiko: ...Don't you agree, Kazami-kun...?
Narration: *In response to this rhetorical question, the Yuuji in the sky smirked slightly.*
Narration: *"Hah hah hah. Simple-minded as ever, Sakaki."*
Yumiko: ...Grr...
Narration: *Among her other talents, Sakaki Yumiko possessed a remarkable ability to irritate herself with persecutory fantasies.*
Narration: *However, by this moment, her mind was already made up.*
Narration: *She didn't know exactly what she could do, or how far she could go.*
Narration: *But that also meant there was merit in giving it a try.*
Narration: *First of all, she'd hurry back to the dorm and consult the others.*
Narration: *She'd tell them everything, of course. But given the gravity of the situation, there was no need to involve anyone with a future ahead of them.*
Narration: *Should any of them join in solely because everyone else was participating, they'd definitely come to regret it. And anyone not fully devoted to the cause might very well prove to be more of a hindrance than an asset.*
Narration: *"If necessary, I'll even act alone..."*
Narration: *"Yes. Perhaps that would be for the best. Hee hee hee..."*
Narration: *"Wait for me, Kazami-kun. I'll save you no matter what. Tee hee, hoo hee..."*
Narration: *Perhaps the lactic acid her body had secreted was beginning to take an effect on her brain.*
Narration: *As she gazed up at the sky with a faint smile on her lips and something like delirium in her eyes, Yumiko was suddenly struck by the sense that someone was watching her.*
Narration: *"...Who's there!?"*
Narration: *The hairs on the back of her neck standing up, Yumiko turned and looked around the car, but couldn't find anyone who seemed to be staring at her.*
Narration: *"...Is someone... following me...?"*
Narration: *Eventually, the train rumbled into Mishima Cape Station. The moment its doors opened, Yumiko hurried out onto the station platform as if to escape from her own queasy sense of anxiety.*
Narration: *On the platform itself, there were a number of businessmen and housewives who'd disembarked from the train on the opposite track, but none of them appeared to be paying her any mind.*
Narration: *Just to be on the safe side, she walked in the opposite direction from the gates everyone was heading for, and pretended to fish for change in her pockets by the station's ticket machines...*
Narration: *But once she left the platform itself, there was practically no one to be seen.*
Narration: *"...Was it just my imagination...?"*
Narration: *As she furrowed her brow and carefully observed her surroundings, Yumiko thought she could hear the voice of Irisu Makina ringing in her ears.*
Narration: *"Yer way too self-conscious, Yumi-chan. This is exactly why yer such an uggo."*
Yumiko: ...Grr...
Narration: *"Fugly uggo!"*
Yumiko: ...Grrrr...!!
Narration: *Yumiko knew that her mind was merely converting her own persecution complex into auditory hallucinations, but she still couldn't help getting angry. "Uggo" was one thing, but "fugly" was a bridge too far.*
Narration: *In any case, she had no need of an admonition from her mental Makina. Yumiko was well aware that this persistent over-sensitivity to the gazes of others was one of her flaws.*
Narration: *Letting out a long, soft sigh, she reflexively reached into her pocket, but her fingers found nothing. She'd left her boxcutter in her dormitory room.*
Narration: *To Yumiko, that small knife was something like a security blanket. Simply knowing she had it with her helped to maintain her emotional stability.*
Narration: *There wasn't much meaning in the fact that she'd left it behind. Honestly, she hadn't given the decision any real thought.*
Narration: *Since arriving at a deep mutual understanding with Kazami Yuuji, she'd been forgetting to bring that boxcutter with her on a fairly frequent basis.*
Narration: *Whenever she was startled by its absence, she could simply turn to her side, and Yuuji would usually be there.*
Narration: *But right now, she had neither knife nor Yuuji.*
Narration: *Suddenly feeling rather uneasy, Yumiko once again glanced around the platform, by now nearly empty of passengers.*
Narration: *She saw a businessman on a bench reading a paperback; a university student swaying to the music in his headphones; and a highschooler pouting as she studied her cell phone. None of them seemed to be paying any attention to her.*
Yumiko: ...Perhaps... it really was just my imagination?
Narration: *She'd thought her boxcutter dependency cured, but perhaps she'd suffered something of a relapse. Trying to convince herself that this was the cause for her paranoia, Yumiko shook her head and began to make for the ticket gates.*
Narration: *In that moment, stepping firmly up the station stairs, Yumiko didn't yet realize that the platform's surveillance camera had silently turned to follow her movements.*
Date: *July 25, 2012, 18:28 - School Dormitory*
Amane: Oh. Welcome back, Sakaki-san. How'd it go?
Yumiko: ...I'm quite tired...
Amane: Oh, right. Good work out there... That's not really what I meant, though. Did you get any new info?
Yumiko: Well... enough to make the effort worth it, I suppose.
Yumiko: I'd rather not have everyone questioning me separately, so could you call for the others? I'll explain once we're all together.
Amane: Okay. Got it.
Amane: By the way, Sakaki-san, are you hungry? Want dinner?
Yumiko: ...Would you be so kind? If possible, I'd appreciate having something that isn't soba.
Amane: Okay, got it. I'll go let the others know, so sit tight for a minute.
Narration: *First, she found Makina asleep on the sofa in the third-floor laundry room (still clutching a portable game console) and shook her awake.*
Narration: *Next, she discovered Sachi vacantly gazing up at the sky like a pitcher who'd just given up a walk-off home run in the bottom of the ninth... and with some effort, managed to get her attention.*
Narration: *Finally, as she began to boil water in a large pot in her room, Michiru shuffled sluggishly through the door...*
Michiru: ...Unyaaa... Amaneee... d'you have anything to eat...? 
Narration: *...and proceeded to beg for food with all the dignity of a starving, droop-whiskered alley cat.*
Narration: *In the end, it took a good 30 minutes after Yumiko's return to the dorm for Amane to round up the others and prepare a quick meal for everyone.*
Yumiko: ...Didn't I tell you I wasn't in the mood for soba...?
Amane: Well, this is udon, not soba.
Yumiko: Noodles are noodles...
Makina: Welp, Chiruchiru's gotta have her rice with every meal, so we got some rice balls as well. Have some of those, why don'tcha? And some shrimp, too.
Michiru: Don't eat nothing but shrimp yourself, all right!? Have some vegetables too! You know, something green!
Makina: ...Hrm... Hello there. I'm Bell Pepper of the Fighting Beta-Carotenes. At the end of the war, my rank was captain...
Sachi: ...That Pepper sounds surprisingly fearsome...
Narration: *In the dorm's lobby, which currently served as their operational conference room, Yumiko spoke to the others of the information she'd gained.*
Narration: *She told them of the plan to introduce ECHELON into Japan. And of the project for the creation of cloned super-soldiers.*
Narration: *In the thirty minutes it had taken for Amane to prepare dinner, Yumiko had managed to organize all of her intelligence fairly well. But with every word she now spoke, she felt as if its "credibility" was fading.*
Narration: *Rattled by the absurdity of her own claims, she found it increasingly difficult to explain them clearly.*
Narration: *The more hurried and voluble she grew, the more she felt like a desperate liar attempting to deceive her audience.*
Sachi: Echelon, is it...? I don't believe I've heard of this particular shark before.
Amane: Uh, it's not a shark. Why would you even assume that?
Sachi: If it's not a shark... then what is it, exactly?
Yumiko: A signal-interception-based surveillance network... Look, if I try to explain in any detail, we'll be here all night. Please read up on it in your own time, everyone.
Sachi: In any case... it's difficult to know whether we can truly trust this "Jimmy" individual. In that sense, I suppose the situation hasn't changed dramatically from yesterday, when we were gathering information off the internet...
Michiru: But that Jimmy guy's a spy, ain't he?
Yumiko: A "former intelligence operative," yes... Look, we'll just go in circles if we start doubting everything. And for what it's worth, he did seem to be a friend of Kazami-kun's.
Amane: This is weird... Things are starting to fall into place, but I don't feel any calmer than I did before. Honestly, it feels like the ground we're standing on is actually getting shakier...
Makina: Hrrrm... this reminds me of the puddin' thing...
Michiru: Excuse me? What the heck are you babbling about now...?
Makina: Okay, so in th' hospital I used to be in, breakfast always came with yogurt, an' lunch always came with puddin'.
Makina: I didn't know a single thing about puddin' exceptin' it was tasty, so I used ta gobble it down without a second thought...
Makina: But one fateful day... naive, inny-sint little Makina was faced with an earth-shatterin' revelation...
Makina: I was ignorin' my actual lunch and snarfin' down my puddin' as always, see? And the nurse who'd brought me th' food made this offhand remark...
Makina: Quote, "pudding is made from eggs, you know"...
Makina: ...Eggs, you say...!?
Makina: Surprise hit me like a bolt of lightnin', and the spoon I'd been clenchin' clattered to the floor...
Michiru: ...Uh, why?
Makina: Come on! Eggs!? Seriously!? When ya think about eatin' an egg, what comes ta mind? Sunny-side up! Omelettes! Simple, primitive stuff! Crack 'em open, add some spices, heat 'em up!
Makina: But behold this wobbly puddin' before mine eyes! What is this goop!? Th' egg itself has vanished without a trace!
Makina: Eggs! The source of baby chickens! Lumps of life itself! But through human hands, they've been utterly transformed! Truly, puddin' is th' symbol of mankind's sins!
Sachi: ...You were frightened to learn that pudding was made from eggs...?
Makina: Frightened ain't the word, but... it felt kinda gross that they could turn somethin' as natural as eggs into somethin' as artificial as puddin'... It was this weird, comply-kated sense of discomfort, I guess.
Michiru: Uh, you still eat pudding, don't you?
Makina: I mean, sure. I know how ta make puddin' by now, and eatin' dressed-up lumps of baby chick doesn't bother me anymore.
Michiru: ...What are you even trying to say here?
Makina: Ya seriously don't get it!?
Yumiko: ...Essentially, you're saying that this discomfort is the product of a jarring disconnect between our ignorance and reality?
Makina: Yep. That's what I was sayin' all along.
Yumiko: ...No, it really wasn't...
Makina: Basically, puddin' is yellow, right? Yellow means eggs. But thinkin' about it common-sensic'lly, could ya really turn an egg into this stuff?
Makina: Still, we've got a nurse-lady who's a qualified nutritionist tellin' us it's made from eggs, so maybe eggs it is? No way! Non, non!
Makina: Right now, we're kinda like a bunch of kids who got a bit suspicious about th' yellow color of that puddin'... Th' know-it-all nurse is tellin' us "yep, it's eggs," but we can't really bring ourselves ta believe it just yet.
Sachi: ...Are you saying... this only seems unbelievable to us because we're "children"... and for the world's "adults," it may be simply common sense?
Makina: Welp, it's easy ta get pissed off at the nurse for stickin' to her guns, right? Ya just yell "quit lying!" and storm off. But if you wanna know the truth, you gotta start off by gettin' rid of your pre-con-sieved notions! Probly.
Yumiko: ...In archaeology, and other fields where it's impossible to know which answer is "correct," you start by forming hypotheses and assuming them to be true. But when new discoveries are made, you overwrite your old "knowledge"...
Sachi: I'm not sure it's an ideal method, but under our current circumstances, it may be the best choice available to us...
Yumiko: ...Hmm...
Makina: Anyhoo! Now that we know where Onii-chan's at, let's take action immediately!
Michiru: How would we do that?
Yumiko: ...Even if we accept that "Kazami Yuuji is confined in the basement at Ichigaya" is accurate information... I'm afraid there still isn't much we can do with that knowledge.
Makina: That ain't right! If we let our power an' money do the talkin', we can totally snatch him back!
Yumiko: Neither of us can rely on "power" or "money" now that we've cut our ties with our parents.
Makina: Then we'll beat 'em down with willpower and guts!
Yumiko: ...Now you sound like the Imperial HQ. What's next, "the Allied armies are nothing to fear?"
Sachi: Also, I must say... I'm somewhat reluctant to take action before learning Kazami-kun's own opinion...
Makina: This is pathetic... All we've done since Onii-chan got kidnapped is sit around eatin' food!
Makina: A commander who calls every plan "premature"... a maid who won't do a thing without orders... an' a dumb blonde who's fulla doubts and complaints... Is this really the best Mihama Academy's glorious student body has ta offer!?
Michiru: While you're at it, you can add "a powerless kid who does nothing except shout a lot" to that list.
Makina: What was that!?
Michiru: What, you wanna go!?
Amane: Oh, come on! Don't fight while you're eating!
Michiru: You've been awful quiet this whole time, Amane. What do you think about all this?
Amane: My opinion hasn't really changed, so I didn't feel the need to express it, I guess.
Michiru: For the moment, we believe in Yuuji and wait... That it?
Amane: Yep. That said... I don't plan on waiting around forever, either.
Sachi: I do concur. I have no intention of spending the rest of my life waiting for Kazami-san's orders...
Yumiko: But at the moment, we simply don't have enough information to take concrete action of any kind...
Yumiko: You do know what became of the Ichiki and Kawaguchi units, who charged blindly toward Lunga Point without even knowing how many enemies awaited them... don't you, Irisu-san?
Makina: ...Ngh...
Yumiko: I understand your indignation, but it's simply a fact that this situation can't be resolved by a few students. Under the circumstances... what do you think Kazami-kun, with all his battlefield experience, would say to you?
Makina: ...He'd prob'ly say... "Think more like a coward, Makina..." 
Yumiko: Living carefully isn't enough; survive like a coward. As long as you're alive, there will be a "next time"... A dramatic death earns you nothing but a footnote in the history books. That's the only conclusion I can reach right now.
Makina: ...How long do I have to be patient...?
Yumiko: I'll take responsibility for deciding when we act...
Makina: Okay then... I'll tough it out...
Makina: ...Sorry for bein' so annoyin' about this, by th' way. Thanks, Yumi-chan... ya helped me calm down a bit...
Narration: *Under these circumstances, the girl Makina had been a year ago would have bitten her lip, turned sulkily away, and stalked out of the room without even trying to hide her childish displeasure.*
Narration: *But today, she had offered to be patient, then taken a step back to evaluate her own behavior. She'd even apologized for her rudeness. Without a doubt, she'd grown as a person.*
Narration: *It was pleasantly surprising to see her behave so maturely; but it also made Amane sad to realize how quickly the girl had grown. Without really meaning to, she reached out and patted Makina on the head.*
Narration: *Nobody really wanted to talk about "being patient."*
Narration: *But they hadn't even reached a consensus on how to proceed, much less developed a plan. There was no choice but to grind their teeth and remain on the sidelines.*
Narration: *It was hard to imagine things would change abruptly in a day or two. None of them could shake an awful, anxious feeling: they might well end up sitting here in Mihama, living their ordinary student lives, until it was too late.*
Narration: *What's more... they had the sense that someday, they might look back on their inaction and say "it was for the best."*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji would be gone.*
Narration: *Nothing more, nothing less.*
Narration: *Things would return to the way they were before his arrival.*
Narration: *It really was as simple as that.*
Narration: *Their normal lives would go on undisturbed. And eventually, a day might come when they could reminisce about their "former classmate" with smiles on their faces.*
Narration: *However, clinging to the word "might" would be nothing but escapism. The outcome could just as easily be a lifetime full of bitter regret.*
Narration: *And above all else... the idea of letting the hope they'd gained in this place slip through their fingers was far more painful than any of them had expected.*
Narration: *Irisu Makina, at first stunned by Yuuji's disappearance, was now lashing out in evident sadness and vexation. She was clearly in an increasingly unstable emotional condition.*
Narration: *Matsushima Michiru, irritated by her own powerlessness, couldn't even take it out on anyone else. And for all her frustration, she lacked the courage to stand up and throw caution to the wind.*
Narration: *Komine Sachi, for her part, was acting as cheerfully as ever. But sometimes, she'd stop moving and stare off into the distance... like a toy whose batteries had run dry.*
Narration: *And Suou Amane, knowing full well that Yuuji wasn't around, continued to make his share of every meal as if it were some kind of ritual.*
Narration: *None of them could fully hide their anxiety.*
Narration: *If their eyes met and their mouths opened, they couldn't help talking about Yuuji.*
Narration: *And so, everyone said nothing, and time flowed quietly by.*
Narration: *Perhaps they'd have to live in silence for now. Perhaps time was the only thing that could heal their wounds.*
Narration: *It was certainly an option. If they could all just forget Kazami Yuuji, that would be the ideal solution.*
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko was observing her fellow students in a detached manner... but she, too, could only wait quietly for the hours to pass.*

Date: *July 25, 2012, 19:38*
Narration: *In a city like this, densely packed with metal and concrete, the heat of a summer day lingers well after sunset. Today, the suited businessmen on their way home from work pushed their way sluggishly through the hot, stagnant air.*
Narration: *By the time Tachibana Chizuru reached the kushiyaki shop which was her destination, the collar of her blouse was clinging uncomfortably to her sweaty skin.*
Narration: *Passing through the rope curtain at the entrance, she stepped inside to the sound of a pathos-laden enka ballad. The place was fairly full, but it didn't take long to spot the shaggy-headed blonde she had traveled so far to see.*
Chizuru: Sorry to have kept you waiting!
JB: That's all right. I apologize for inviting you so suddenly...
Chizuru: I don't mind, but... are you sure you can spare the time to drink with me? Things must be awfully busy at the moment.
JB: ...It's fine. I'll be fired soon enough either way.
Chizuru: Fired!?
JB: In the best-case scenario, I'll receive yet another "promotion" to some truly dead-end job... but honestly, I think they might just relieve me from duty altogether...
JB: I was only notified of the outlines of our plan in the conference where the final decision was to be made... And when the message I tried to send him during the meeting was blocked, there was nothing more I could do.
JB: They immediately took me into custody and removed me from the room, denying me the chance to participate in any further discussion of how Kazami Yuuji would be dealt with...
JB: ...Of course... in retrospect, my political rivals obviously arranged the entire thing on the assumption I would object.
JB: While I'm free to laze around at the moment, it won't be long until I'm restrained and formally stripped of my authority. And once that happens, I'll be utterly powerless to intercede on Kazami Yuuji's behalf...
Narration: *Once her agent was taken away from her, Harudera had no way of getting him back.*
Narration: *Ever since taking him in as a child, she'd treated the boy like family; the pain of his loss was intense and multi-faceted. Tracing the rim of her half-empty beer glass with a finger, she chose her next words carefully.*
JB: ...Kazami Yuuji might not be coming back to Mihama Academy...
JB: In fact, I think it's highly unlikely that he will.
Chizuru: I see... I guess that's no surprise...
Narration: *There wasn't much anyone could do about that.*
Narration: *Given his unique position, it had always been difficult to provide Yuuji with the life of an "ordinary student."*
Narration: *He was a piece of national defense equipment, to be returned immediately whenever his country deemed it necessary.*
Narration: *Now that she'd been removed from her position as his case officer, even Harudera no longer knew what Ichigaya intended to do with Yuuji.*
Narration: *She could have attempted to gather information, but at this point, he was under the oversight of the First Intelligence Division. That presented a serious obstacle, given that she belonged to the Second Division.*
Narration: *While they belonged to the same organization, CIRF and CIRS were as mutually antagonistic as the Imperial Army and Navy had ever been.*
Chizuru: ...Of course, even if Kazami-kun were to return, Mihama is shutting down...
Chizuru: You know... I founded that school specifically for young people who couldn't adapt to society, for whatever reason. I wanted to give them a place where they could challenge themselves to move forward... a place for adventures...
JB: Adventures...?
Chizuru: Despite what you might think, an "adventure" is only really possible under conditions of relative safety...
Chizuru: An adventure with no guarantees is nothing more than suicide. You need a safety net... an environment where you can do as you please, knowing that the grown-ups will take responsibility in the end...
Chizuru: That was the kind of academy I wanted to create... and I worked very hard to make it a reality...
Narration: *When she was a child, Chizuru had been tormented by the knowledge of her own powerlessness.*
Narration: *There was a limit to what "hard work" could achieve, and it proved to be far lower than she'd initially imagined.*
Narration: *Still, she'd believed that anything would be possible once she was a "grown-up."*
Narration: *And now that she was a full-fledged adult... She'd wanted very badly to offer the kind of perspective and advice that could have helped her to young people whose ambitions might otherwise be frustrated.*
Narration: *Eventually, she'd come to view it as her life's work.*
Chizuru: But now, my school's closing its doors... I suppose reality isn't kind to the dreams of idealists, is it? In the end, I couldn't do much of anything for those kids...
Chizuru: Right now, that's my single greatest regret...
JB: Tachibana-san...
Narration: *Just as the air between the two women was growing even heavier with emotion, an incongruously cheerful voice broke into their conversation.*
Mystery Waitress: Have mew folks decided what mew'd like to order? 
JB: ...Mew!?
Mystery Waitress: Whoops, pardon me, got a little mixed up there. If you're ready to order, please go right ahead!
JB: ...Oh. Uh, I'll have another mug of draft beer...
Chizuru: Ah, I'd like to try the kishu nanko plum umeshu...
Mystery Waitress: How wouldja like that? On the rocks?
Chizuru: With soda, please.
Mystery Waitress: Understood, ma'am!
JB: We'd also like a seafood salad, two servings of kushimori skewers, and three orders of chicken wings... Also, some fried eggs and pickled vegetables. I think that should do for now.
Mystery Waitress: Sure, you got it!
Narration: *There was something odd about the tone of this waitress' voice... among other things. As the girl sauntered off, Harudera furrowed her brow dubiously.*
JB: ......
Chizuru: ...That waitress is a little peculiar, isn't she? What was that "mew" business about...?
JB: It's odd... but I feel like I've seen her somewhere before...
Narration: *This wasn't deja vu, exactly. It felt more like the girl resembled someone Harudera already knew.*
Narration: *But who could that possibly be...?*
JB: ...Maybe it's just my imagination...
Chizuru: Is something the matter?
JB: No. Uhm... what were we talking about? You're saying that Mihama will be closing its doors soon...?
Chizuru: Yes. You see, Sakaki-san... by which I mean Yumiko-san, in this case... set off something of an upheaval within the East Beach Group, which was our parent company...
JB: Your corporation was transferred to your father's control, wasn't it?
Chizuru: Yes, the inquiry panel decided to hand Mihama off to him. But the real problem was the money...
Chizuru: The Sakaki Academy Corporation had its funds frozen... and our board of directors and internal auditors were all connected to East Beach. Now that our operating funds are gone, we have no choice but to shut down...
Chizuru: In the first place, Mihama was essentially built for Yumiko-san's benefit. There was no hope of turning a profit any time soon, and no one we could turn to for capital...
Chizuru: I've been making numerous personal inquiries, but... at the moment, it seems we won't even be able to pay for the dismantling of the facilities.
Chizuru: For now, I'm papering over the problem by changing the location in which our corporation is registered... But at this rate, the academy's physical assets will eventually end up belonging to the national treasury...
Mystery Waitress: Sorry for the waaait! Here's your draft beer and umeshu...
JB: Oh, yes. I had the beer...
Mystery Waitress: And here's your seafood salad, chicken wings, and pickled vegetables. These plates are for the salad, if you'd like to use them!
Chizuru: Right. Thank you...
Mystery Waitress: Want me to bring out your skewers and eggs right away?
JB: Could you give us a while to work on these first?
Mystery Waitress: Suuure thing! Please take your time!
JB: ...There really is something odd about that waitress...
Chizuru: She's a cute little thing. A part-timer, maybe?
JB: So anyway... uhm... is there anything to be done about Mihama...?
Chizuru: As things stand, there isn't much hope... It'd honestly be easier to register an entirely new school than to rebuild after this...
Chizuru: Well, I suppose it might be possible to just leave the facilities sitting there for a while... If development of the reclaimed land picks up a bit, a reopening might become feasible...
JB: In that case... you'd probably be waiting ten years, at the very least...
Chizuru: I'd imagine so...
JB: Putting aside the issue of the facilities themselves... if Mihama disappears, what's going to become of its students?
Chizuru: They can stay enrolled for another two months, but at the very latest, we'll have to expel everyone by March of next year...
Chizuru: Before that happens, some of them will probably return to their parents. Others might begin living independent lives, or transfer to other schools...
JB: Will Sakaki Yumiko be returning to her home?
Chizuru: I... don't think that's likely, in Sakaki-san's case. To be honest, I doubt she'd find a place with her family...
Chizuru: In fact, Suou-san's probably the only one of our students I could see returning home... Now that Kazami-kun's gone, she doesn't have much reason to linger at Mihama...
Chizuru: I suppose concern for Irisu-san is the one thing that could keep her here... but Irisu-san may have her own plans.
Chizuru: A year ago, I would have expected her to move in with Suou-san's family... but right now, she's actively working toward independence...
Chizuru: Given that, I wouldn't be surprised if Irisu-san transferred to another school on her own initiative.
Chizuru: Although the reasons why are very different, I think Matsushima-san might end up transferring somewhere as well... For one thing, I'm afraid her mental and emotional condition is still rather unstable in some respects...
Chizuru: Komine-san, on the other hand, is probably the single most "stable" student we have... but she's quite naive, and has a great deal to learn...
JB: You have students who need a school... but no school to provide them...
Chizuru: Right... not that there's any shortage of schools that cater to kids who don't even want to learn...
JB: ...What about you, Tachibana-san? Do you have any plans for the future?
Chizuru: Well, let's see. My father has proposed that I come home and work as his secretary... But I haven't given up on Mihama just yet, so I think I'll be struggling around for a little while longer.
JB: ...I do hope you'll keep your "struggling" within the bounds of common sense...
Chizuru: Hmm. I don't know about that...
Chizuru: Also... shouldn't you be saying that to those girls, rather than me?
JB: ...You believe they're planning something...?
Chizuru: Well, who knows?
JB: They're your students, aren't they?
Chizuru: Yes, I'm their teacher... but I think there's more I could learn from them than the other way around.
Chizuru: For various reasons, they all ended up straying off the paths prescribed for them by society... But for that very reason, when they're unified in pursuit of a single goal, there's just no telling what they might do.
Chizuru: This might sound peculiar, but the fact that they've faced so much adversity already means they're "stronger" than most people their age...
Chizuru: Of course, that's only grown more obvious since Kazami-kun walked into their lives.
Chizuru: As a group, they're earnest, dynamic, bold, faithful, and clever enough to make the best of a bad situation...
Chizuru: And I think Kazami Yuuji helped make them that way...
JB: ...So you're saying they're bound to take action...?
Chizuru: I'm not so sure. They might actually come to the conclusion that doing nothing is the wisest choice... It's just too early to say.
JB: They're not going to take up arms and barricade themselves in their school building, right...?
Chizuru: Well, if those girls set their minds to it, it's not outside the realm of possibility...
JB: ...Good lord, that's the last thing I need...
Chizuru: You could always take them all into custody and turn them into members of your "company."
JB: Never mind, THAT'S the last thing I need... I'll die of fatigue if we take in any more problem children...
Chizuru: I have no earthly idea how this is going to turn out, but I'll take as much responsibility as possible. I hope you'll do what you can as well, Harudera-san...
JB: *Siiigh*... Sounds like I better gird my loins...
Mystery Waitress: Thanks for waaaiting! Here's your skewers and fried eggs!
Chizuru: My! The food's here already?
Mystery Waitress: Will that be all for now, folks?
JB: Yes. Thank you.
Mystery Waitress: Okay then, take your tiiime!
JB: ...We got so caught up talking that we didn't even get around to a toast...
Chizuru: True enough. All right then... to the futures of our young friends!
JB: Cheers...
Date: *July 25, 2012, 20:14 - "Ichigaya"*
Narration: *What the hell was going on here...?*
Narration: *His sister was "alive," and they'd been reunited. Should he be celebrating that fact, regardless of the details...?*
Narration: *Was that thing even Kazuki, in any real sense?*
Narration: *As he staggered back into his cell following the conclusion of his interview with the "professor," Kazami Yuuji's mind was full of tangled, unanswerable questions.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Adam... were you aware that Kazuki's my sister...?
Adam: Of course.
Yuuji: How long has she been like that...? How long have I been under her supervision...?
Adam: I can't answer that question.
Yuuji: ...Are there any questions you can answer...?
Adam: Yes. I can tell you the menu for breakfast tomorrow.
Adam: Feel free to rejoice. You'll be getting two pieces of toast, scrambled eggs with bacon, and salad. Even a piece of fruit for dessert. They're treating you like an officer, kid.
Yuuji: ...That's it?
Adam: Not good enough? All right. The deeply compassionate American government will permit you to choose your own fruit. Apple or banana - what's it going to be?
Yuuji: ...Make it an apple...
Adam: I'll pass that on. Stick out your arm. It's time for a booster shot.
Yuuji: ...You've already got me bound hand and foot, you know. Drugging me seems a little excessive...
Adam: We took you out of this room and let you see what's outside, so we'll be taking every possible precaution against any attempts at escape.
Yuuji: I've heard this stuff makes you impotent if you're on it too long... any truth to that?
Adam: Don't worry, there's some damn good ED drugs on the market these days. It has some nicer side effects too... clear your mind as you fall asleep, and you'll have some pleasant dreams. Shut your eyes...
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Adam: All right, then. I'll see you at breakfast time tomorrow.
Yuuji: ...Hey... I want that apple cut into little rabbit shapes, you hear...?
Adam: I'll pass that on. Now stop talking and go to sleep.
Narration: *Watching Adam leave his cell with the detachment of a distant observer, Yuuji felt the world begin to spin around him.*
Narration: *"...Does he not even understand when I'm being sarcastic...?"*
Narration: *Like a man desperately pumping fuel into a sputtering engine, he struggled to push commands through his increasingly foggy mind... But the propellers driving his thoughts spun ineffectually through the air.*
Narration: *Before long, he was immobile, only barely clinging to consciousness. And on the borderline between reality and dreams, he began to see things that weren't really there.*
Narration: *At times like these, Yuuji always saw visions of the dead.*
Narration: *First, his mother and father would appear before him. Then his comrades, like the departed Daniel Bone. And eventually, all the people he himself had murdered.*
Narration: *In these dreams, the dead were always silent.*
Narration: *They'd look at him with resentment in their eyes, but none of them spoke a single word. No matter what he said to them, they never replied.*
Narration: *Even Daniel, who had no real reason to resent Yuuji, had nothing to say to him.*
Narration: *When Danny appeared in his dreams, they were usually inside the barracks where they'd trained together. Yuuji would speak, but receive no response.*
Narration: *Eventually, Danny would quietly stand and head for the exit, as if he'd remembered some pressing errand.*
Narration: *"Where are you going, Danny...?"*
Narration: *Yuuji would ask, but Danny never answered.*
Narration: *"Hey... we're buddies, right? Don't go off on your own..."*
Narration: *There was no reply.*
Narration: *"Wait a second. If you have to go, I'll come too. Don't leave me behind..."*
Narration: *He wanted to follow Danny through the door, but his legs simply wouldn't move.*
Narration: *It didn't come as any surprise. This was how it always went.*
Narration: *His brain was probably just giving him a chance to say a few things he'd never got to tell his friend, who'd died so suddenly. Nothing more, nothing less.*
Narration: *Among the silent ghosts that filled his hollow dreams, Kusakabe Asako alone was something of a special case.*
Narration: *It was hard to say why, exactly, but when Asako appeared in Yuuji's dreams, she often didn't seem any different than the living woman he'd known.*
Asako: ...Yo!
Yuuji: ...Asako...
Asako: What the heck are you doing here, kid...?
Yuuji: That's my line. What are you hanging around here for...?
Asako: Watch your mouth. I go wherever I want to go, and I do whatever I want to do.
Yuuji: You never change, huh...?
Asako: Look who's talking, punk. After all this time, you're still a whiny little chicken...
Yuuji: Maybe that's how it looks to you, but... for what it's worth, I've been doing my best to put on a brave front...
Asako: Come on, was that supposed to be a comeback? Not to repeat myself, but... you really aren't cut out for this way of life.
Yuuji: ...I think I did pretty decently, all things considered... Don't you have anything nice to say?
Asako: The minute I give you a compliment, you get all full of yourself and start screwing up big time. Been that way ever since you were a kid.
Yuuji: ...You know... haha... I guess you're right about that...
Yuuji: But that doesn't matter any more... It's all over now...
Asako: ...You satisfied?
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Asako: I'm asking if you've lived a long enough life, kid...
Yuuji: Hmm... yeah, I think I'm good...
Yuuji: Listen, Asako... I did what you told me to. I met my quota...
Yuuji: I found five people who were in deep trouble... and I saved them all...
Asako: ...I see...
Yuuji: That's... good enough, right? I'm allowed to die now?
Asako: Is that good enough for you?
Yuuji: ...I'm just repeating what you told me, Asako...
Asako: Yeah, true enough. I told you to save five people. And you followed through.
Asako: So now, I'm asking you if that's good enough. Are you satisfied? No regrets whatsoever?
Yuuji: ...None...
Asako: Ha... now that's a lie.
Yuuji: What makes you so sure...?
Asako: Well, it wasn't that easy for me, at the very least. I sure as hell didn't want to die and leave you on your own.
Asako: It pissed me off that I couldn't stay with you a little longer. Part of me almost wanted to turn into some kind of ghost, just so I could keep an eye on you in the afterlife.
Asako: Don't you feel anything like that toward those five people you saved?
Yuuji: .........
Asako: Listen, Yuuji... that whole "walking off into the sunset" routine's pretty miserable for everyone involved...
Asako: Don't you want to stick around and watch the fires die down with the people you protected? When the fighting's finally over, and your country's lying in ashes... don't you want to be there to help them rebuild?
Yuuji: ...That's... not my job...
Asako: Don't be an idiot... After the war's over, a soldier's job is to rebuild his home. That's your duty as a survivor...
Asako: You've completed a big job, and you're exhausted... so right now, you're just finding excuses to sit on your ass.
Yuuji: ...Come on, Asako, cut me a break... I'm so damn tired...
Asako: Shaddup, you spoiled little brat. I didn't raise you to throw in the towel that easily.
Asako: Don't give up... Get on your feet, Yuuji. You've still got things left to do...
Yuuji: ...Asako... as far as I'm concerned, that cabin in the woods was heaven on earth...
Yuuji: When you died, and I lost my paradise... the only thing I wanted to do was find my way back to you...
Yuuji: Are you really telling me... to put that off even longer...?
Asako: Yep, that's about the shape of it...
Asako: I gave you a "paradise"... so now it's your turn to make one for those five...
Asako: Shouldn't be too tough if ya put a little effort in, right?
Yuuji: ...You sure make it sound simple...
Asako: Leap before you look. Stop thinking and start running. Let the details sort themselves out...
Asako: Unless you're telling me... that school, and the people in it, didn't mean a thing to you?
Yuuji: .........
Asako: Guess school wasn't much fun, huh...?
Yuuji: Nah, it wasn't half bad... Have to admit I kind of enjoyed being an ordinary student for once...
Yuuji: I didn't really admire the way those girls were piddling their lives away in their little safe haven... and every one of them seemed like a pain in the neck...
Yuuji: ...But even so... I ended up having a lot of fun...
Asako: In that case, how's about putting in a bit more effort on behalf of your "pain-in-the-neck" friends?
Asako: Not that you deserve it, but I gave you the number 9029. And that means ya don't get to sit around all day just because you're tired, dumbass.
Yuuji: ...What a pain...
Asako: Come on, kid...
Yuuji: I know, I know... I just want to complain a little, all right? Always thought it was kinda cool to grumble while you're taking care of business...
Asako: Heheh... now you've got some fire in your eyes. Not bad, Yuuji... That's the gaze of a hungry dog...
Asako: If you can still glare like that, you won't be dying any time soon...
Yuuji: What's a stray mutt like me got to survive for, anyway...?
Asako: Didn't we go over this? You're living for your own sake from now on... You can fight for whatever the hell you want...
Yuuji: ...Whatever I want, huh...?
Yuuji: That's... mostly just things I can never have...
Asako: God, don't you have any balls? If there's something you want, then go get it! No matter what it takes!
Yuuji: I don't know where you get off saying that... You're what I wanted more than anything else, and you went and died on me...
Asako: Hahaha, ya got a point there! But like I said, I felt bad about all that. And my ghost's here to give you advice, right?
Asako: Seriously, Yuuji... if you give up right now, you're gonna regret it...
Yuuji: Yeah... maybe you're right...
Yuuji: This really does seem like a pain... and I don't know what I can do under the circumstances... but all right. If nothing else, I won't give up until the very end...
Asako: Right, well said. I'd expect nothing less from my apprentice...
Asako: Damn. Too bad I'm not alive anymore, or I'd give you one of those blowjobs you like so much...
Yuuji: Cut it out... if I wake up in the morning and find my underwear all gross and crusty, I might just kill myself from embarrassment...
Asako: Don't go rushing off to die, Yuuji. I'll wait for you, no matter how long it takes... so there's no point getting impatient...
Yuuji: ...Right. Okay then, Asako... see you later...
Narration: *Yes... there wasn't any need to rush.*
Narration: *As Yuuji nodded to himself, Asako's familiar smile faded back into the darkness of his memories.*
Narration: *He recognized, of course, that the conversation had been nothing but a self-serving hallucination.*
Narration: *Dreams are little more than byproducts of the brain's attempts to process your memories.*
Narration: *Some part of Yuuji didn't want to give up, and it had spoken to him with Asako's voice. That was all.*
Narration: *Yuuji understood this well enough... but for some reason, his spirits had still been lifted.*
Narration: *"Then again... I did tell Kazuki I'd sacrifice myself for her, didn't I...?"*
Narration: *Well then... were there any clever ways to solve all these problems at once...?*
Narration: *As that question drifted through his mind for the first time, Yuuji found himself falling into a deep and dreamless slumber.*

Date: *July 28, 2012, 07:28 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―The downpour started early that morning, and lasted nearly the entire day.*
Narration: *The steady sound of falling rain supposedly resembles what a fetus might hear inside its mother's womb. And for that reason, many people find listening to it deeply soothing.*
Narration: *But for Suou Amane, it was a grating noise that only amplified her anxiety.*
Narration: *In the aftermath of a terrible bus accident, she'd spent days huddled inside a tent, her teeth chattering as cold rainwater seeped up from below. At times, she'd been afraid she might not wake up if she allowed herself to sleep.*
Narration: *Ever since then, the sound had brought her nothing but stress.*
Narration: *The atmosphere in the dorm had been gloomy enough already. When her mood began to sink, it felt as if her body was literally growing heavier.*
Narration: *Given her position as the "mother" to the other students, Amane knew she couldn't let herself give in to her feelings of dread. But more and more frequently, she found herself stopping in her tracks and sighing softly.*
Narration: *Fortunately, it seemed that the others had begun to calm down somewhat after the initial period of panic.*
Narration: *Even Makina, who'd whipped everyone into a frenzy with her bold words, seemed to have taken Yumiko's words to heart. For now, she was waiting. Sachi and Michiru were being equally well-behaved, for their part.*
Narration: *This school wasn't exactly full of uniquely talented students, but the administration had gone out of its way to gather troublesome "special cases."*
Narration: *To be honest, there was no telling what might set them off. Amane could completely understand how anxious Yumiko must be feeling, now that she'd taken on the duty of keeping everyone under control.*
Narration: *Wanting to provide whatever support she could, she'd decided to take care of all Yumiko's meals... But the girl had locked herself in her room, not even emerging for breakfast in the morning.*
Narration: *Around lunchtime, Amane had brought some food up to her, but there was no response to her knock. It seemed like she was sleeping. *
Narration: *Undeterred, she'd made some rice balls so that Yumiko could have something to eat whenever she woke up, but they didn't seem to have been touched.*
Narration: *While it was probably an overreaction... at this point, she couldn't help imagining some particularly awful scenarios involving dramatic acts of suicide.*
Amane: ...Is Sakaki-san all right in there...?
Narration: *Sometimes, concern is nothing more than a nuisance for those on the receiving end.*
Narration: *Indifference can be a kindness in its own right... but finding the proper balance is often remarkably difficult.*
Date: *July 28, 2012, 18:02 - School Dormitory - Yumiko's Room*
Narration: *By the time the rain finally let up, the sun was setting; with the air full of moisture, the temperature was dropping rapidly; and Sakaki Yumiko, who hadn't gone outside all day, was voice chatting with Jimmy on the PC in her room.*
Jimmy: "Indeed! Over the last few years, Bushido-Babes have emerged as the single most popular theme."
Jimmy: "The combination of hotties and katanas was always a pretty popular one with the American fans. And since the creators want to catch your attention with something flashy, it's a genre they naturally jump to."
Jimmy: "Sadly, that's resulted in a lot of bogus crap with no thought given to anything but the visuals. There's too many anime babes walking around with their katanas upside-down! I guess that's just how things are now, but seriously..."
Jimmy: "Anyway, what you really want to keep your eye on is the little sisters sub-category! I'm talking bushido imoutos... bushimos! Catchy, right!? By this time next year, the bushimos will reign supreme!"
Jimmy: "Of course, they gotta talk like samurai from olden times! They call their brothers ani-jya instead of onii-chan, see? Ooh, and they wear fundoshi instead of panties!! Talk about moe, right!?" 
Jimmy: "Of course, you just slide that over a little when it's time to fuck! Taking it off would be total sacrilege, right!?"
Yumiko: ...Uhm, can I ask you something?
Jimmy: "Huh? Well, sure. Let's move on to the question and answer period."
Yumiko: ...Why are we even talking about this...?
Jimmy: "Why, you ask? Is that some sort of philosophical inquiry?"
Yumiko: Er, not exactly. I was under the impression we were exchanging information about Kazami Yuuji... so why are we discussing "bushido imoutos"...?
Jimmy: "Hrm. You want to know the details of my thought process?"
Yumiko: ...No, not particularly...
Jimmy: "Okay then! Back to the Bushimos!"
Yumiko: No more of that!!
Jimmy: "Ha ha ha! You're surprisingly short-tempered, Jubiko!"
Yumiko: I'm not Jubiko! My name's Yumiko!
Jimmy: "Anyway, the data I sent you earlier pretty much speaks for itself. You did watch that footage from the surveillance camera, right?"
Yumiko: Ah... yes...
Narration: *Playing back the video file that Jimmy had transferred over, Yumiko watched as the grainy figure of Kazami Yuuji opened fire inside the Consulate of the Republic of Kazakhstan, ultimately destroying the surveillance camera itself.*
Yumiko: ...What's the meaning of this? Wasn't Kazami Yuuji's participation in the attack misinformation the government circulated to send a message to those terrorists?
Jimmy: "That video's legitimate evidence, submitted to the investigation by the consulate. There's no sign of doctoring. Analysis of the shooter's build and facial features gives us a 67% chance that it's Kazami Yuuji."
Yumiko: ...That's not quite decisive, is it...
Jimmy: "Once you're past 65%, standard procedure is to regard that as a match. So the existence of this video means that either Kazami Yuuji himself, or someone bearing a strong resemblance to him, was present at the scene of the crime."
Yumiko: ...If this really was Kazami-kun, then what were his reasons for attacking the consulate?
Jimmy: "I think he's the only one who could answer that question... But even if he didn't have a reason, the terrorists could easily have bent Yuzuri to their will using cutting-edge brainwashing technology."
Yumiko: Why did the terrorists want to destroy the consulate in the first place...?
Jimmy: "The conventional wisdom is that they had no concrete political objective, and mainly just wanted to cause an uproar... But personally, I don't agree."
Jimmy: "Basically, I think the terrorists wanted to demonstrate what they're capable of. It was a show of force... or a bluff, maybe."
Yumiko: You're saying they attacked it for no real reason...?
Jimmy: "Well, if they had a real reason to attack, it wouldn't be much of a bluff."
Yumiko: So you don't have any definite information, essentially.
Jimmy: "The fact that I don't know means that Ichigaya and Akasaka are in the dark as well."
Jimmy: "Of course, there's a possibility that the lady in the basement's pieced together a few answers from the circumstantial evidence. She might already be taking action behind the scenes for all I know."
Yumiko: ...What lady...?
Jimmy: "Didn't I explain this already? I'm referring to their next-generation information-processing machine... the Thanatos System. Specifically, the half-biological computer that acts as its core."
Jimmy: "They began working toward monitoring the activities of every Japanese citizen some time ago, with the digitization of the basic resident registries..."
Jimmy: "And under the pretense of establishing an emergency alert network, they worked with the telecoms to obtain backdoor access to every cellular device and online PC in the country, giving the system complete control over our data."
Jimmy: "This might sound a little overblown, but the Thanatos System is the brain of this nation, Jubiko."
Yumiko: ...Right...
Narration: *On a basic level... the system would let you read anyone's emails, listen to anyone's calls, and empty any bank account. By forging a membership in a car service, you could go anywhere you pleased in luxury automobiles.*
Narration: *When you can control money and material goods, it's easy enough to control people as well.*
Narration: *Through manipulation of the right individuals, you could exert influence over every part of the private sector. And when you add in an unlimited ability to intervene in military and government affairs...*
Yumiko: ...Not only could you instantly identify anyone who flames you on an anonymous message board, it would be trivial to ruin their lives forever... Sounds like a dream come true...
Jimmy: "I totally understand where you're coming from, but that's one heck of a petty example..."
Yumiko: Yes, I know. It was only a joke.
Jimmy: "Oh, incidentally... the connection we're using right now isn't monitored, so there's nothing to worry about there. As a matter of fact, I'm using a part of the Thanatos System's own network to speak with you."
Jimmy: "No matter how sharp your eyes are, it can be hard to see something right under your nose. I managed to hijack a corner of the system by using a cache overflow to apply a hot patch. Even the lady herself doesn't know it's here."
Yumiko: But really... is it even possible to monitor everyone in the entire country...?
Jimmy: "It's easy. In an internet society like ours, we're all constantly leaking our personal information without even realizing it. Just scanning public blog posts and social networks can get you an impressive amount of useful intel."
Jimmy: "As a matter of fact, over in America they're already mining blog posts to find tax dodgers, then luring them into traps baited with basketball or football tickets."
Yumiko: But how are you supposed to monitor people who don't keep a blog or use social media?
Jimmy: "Well, let's use you as a case in point, Jubiko. I've actually done some research on you already."
Jimmy: "You aren't registered on any social networks, but you do have two bookstore membership cards, right?"
Jimmy: "According to the data, you stop by those stores an average of two times per week."
Jimmy: "That alone is a decent hint as to what kind of person you are. And if I poke around in your internet shopping history, I can deduce out everything from your taste in clothes to your family structure."
Jimmy: "You've been looking at pages for new underwear and dieting products lately, haven't you? I'd say you've either gotten yourself a boyfriend, or developed a romantic interest in someone."
Yumiko: ...M-Mind your own business!
Jimmy: "Also, I've got a list of terms you've looked up on the major internet encyclopedias. That's enough to get an excellent idea of your interests."
Jimmy: "Basically, the Thanatos System is capable of analyzing any given individual right down to their thought patterns... in order to determine if they pose a danger to the state. Understand now?"
Jimmy: "In an information society like ours, it's basically impossible not to expose any information about yourself to the world at large..."
Yumiko: ...And barely anyone even knows this terrifying system's been developed, much less actively deployed in Japan...
Jimmy: "Yep. During that big budget review a while back, there was some heavy pushback against the idea of building such a dominant supercomputer. Most people think the project got scrapped... But they just kept it going in secret."
Jimmy: "The original design, created by a university professor in cooperation with a civilian optics corporation, was for a hybrid computer..."
Jimmy: "...integrating both a conventional RISC processor and a biological machine based on controlled nucleotide binding."
Jimmy: "But that biological element... in other words, the structure of the DNA used in the device... was allegedly based on the nucleotide patterns of a single young lady. To be blunt, rumor has it they used her brain tissue somehow."
Yumiko: ...Are you saying they used a human being for parts?
Jimmy: "Like I said, it's just a rumor. I haven't seen proof of that with my own two eyes."
Jimmy: "Conveniently, the professor who designed and realized the system's core has already died an accidental death, so all of its most crucial components are shrouded in mystery."
Jimmy: "Of course, that means the Thanatos System is completely one of a kind. Developing another system of equivalent capabilities would supposedly take a good twenty years."
Jimmy: "And Oslo, an international terrorist, wants to get his hands on this utterly unique supercomputer. Apart from its obvious practical value, technology this cutting-edge could easily be converted into an absurd amount of money."
Yumiko: And that's why Kazami-kun's willingly chosen to sacrifice himself...? For a computer, of all things?
Jimmy: "It's not quite that simple... but for the moment, I guess it's an adequate summary of the situation."
Yumiko: ...I really wish they'd never even built that thing...
Jimmy: "Can't disagree with you there."
Yumiko: Let me know if you notice any new developments.
Jimmy: "Got it. I'll do whatever I can."
Yumiko: ...You know... why exactly are you being so cooperative, anyway?
Yumiko: I'm very grateful to have your assistance, of course, but I can't see how you stand to gain from working with us...
Yumiko: Given that you're getting involved on a high-risk no-return basis, it seems reasonable to suspect some kind of trap.
Jimmy: "Well, it's good that you're being skeptical about your current circumstances, but I think I already explained this. Yuzuri saved my life numerous times... and he's my friend, too."
Yumiko: Your friend, eh...?
Jimmy: "Hey now, even I've got friends! And he's probably my single best buddy in the world."
Yumiko: You're telling me to believe in your friendship?
Jimmy: "Hmmm... well, I think the kind of friendship you're familiar with is pretty different from the kind of bonds that are forged on a battlefield."
Jimmy: "You want to hear the story?"
Yumiko: ...If you can keep it relatively concise...
Narration: *―This was back in the second half of our training period, after our deployment into an actual combat zone.*
Narration: *We were in the middle of a dense, overgrown jungle. Enemy guerrilla fighters were constantly prowling the area around our encampment; the air was thick with tension.*
Narration: *During the blackout hours at night, I couldn't even open the computer, which was my only real weapon. I guess I was feeling a little irritable because of that.*
Narration: *Aggravated by the sight of a few men standing around puffing casually on their cigarettes, I ended up shouting in anger.*
Robbie: Hey! We're in the middle of a blackout! Put out those damn cigarettes!
Narration: *But of course, the men I was yelling at were equally on edge. One of them turned to me and shouted right back.*
Smoking Man: What the hell!? Who do you think you are, asshole!?
Narration: *As the man stomped over with his glowing cigarette still in his mouth, I realized I'd seen his face before.*
Narration: *He'd been in the same training group as me in our first term. One of the squad leader's favorites, who'd constantly found excuses to put me down. I'd always hated him.*
Smoking Man: Shit, if it isn't Lord Immortal himself. You slowed down our whole squad for months, and now you're lecturing me? You've got some fuckin' nerve.
Narration: *This was someone who knew about the way I used to be.*
Narration: *Seeing that smirking, hateful face brought back the memories of all the ways he'd mocked me... But even as I ground my teeth in anger, my knees trembled at the thought of the "discipline" I'd been forced to endure.*
Narration: *Grabbing me by the collar, the man blew a foul cloud of smoke in my face. I was already resigned to another beating. It was a truly miserable feeling. I hadn't really changed one bit since the day I joined the military, had I?*
Narration: *But... I guess Yuzuri must have been keeping an eye on the situation. Before the man could hit me, he jumped in to intercede.*
Yuuji: Hey! What the hell are you doing? Get your hands off him!
Smoking Man: What's your problem!? This doesn't have anything to do with you! Get lost!
Yuuji: That's my squadmate! I'm not going to let you push him around!
Smoking Man: Oh? And what do you think you're gonna do about it?
Yuuji: I'll take you on, asshole. Come on!
Smoking Man: You're pretty fucking cocky, shrimp. Let's do this!
Robbie: ...Yuzuri!
Yuuji: Back off. I'll handle this.
Narration: *With that, Yuzuri disappeared into the darkness with the man. And five minutes later, he came back breathing roughly through his nose.*
Yuuji: Haa... haa... sorry, Robbie. I couldn't resist knocking him around a little... Let's apologize to Lieutenant J later...
Robbie: Well, sure, but... are you all right? Any injuries?
Yuuji: I'm fine.
Narration: *―To be honest, it was my own fault that the fight started. Why had he intervened for me...?*
Narration: *When I asked him, Yuzuri's response was very simple... "Any man's going to get pissed off when he sees a friend getting harassed." He made it sound like the most obvious thing in the world.*
Narration: *And when he said that to me... I'm ashamed to admit it, but I couldn't help crying.*
Narration: *This time, I wasn't weeping about how pathetic I was.*
Narration: *I was moved to tears by the fact that someone viewed me as a comrade... as a friend worth sticking up for.*
Narration: *A little while later, the leader of that man's platoon did storm into our camp, but Lieutenant J chased him off for us...*
Jimmy: "...I guess that was the turning point? I was no good in a fight, and a coward to boot... but after that day, I tried to become a man who could help his comrades."
Jimmy: "Pardon my French, but if it means sacrificing a friend, world peace can go fuck itself."
Jimmy: "The Bush Dog Platoon never leaves a man behind. And that isn't just some hollow American bluster..."
Jimmy: "The bond we formed was the one and only thing I got out of that war. And that's the reason I'm helping you out."
Yumiko: ...I see...
Jimmy: "If that still isn't enough to convince you, then... let's see. I'll tell you the story of my very first visit to a brothel..."
Yumiko: No, that's QUITE all right! I understand!
Jimmy: Oh. Okay then. Well, anyway, I won't hesitate to help out any way I can. Feel free to contact me if you need anything. I'll be in touch if I find out anything new."
Yumiko: Right, thank you... I'm counting on you. Until next time, then...
Narration: *Bringing her conversation with Jimmy to a conclusion, Yumiko left the chat room, then reached for her now-warm bottle of black tea and took a swig.*
Yumiko: ...Well then... what next...?
Narration: *There had been perhaps thirty minutes of genuinely useful discussion in that two-hour conversation. Just thinking about it filled her with weariness.*
Narration: *And while she'd known the situation was extreme, all the new details were dizzyingly absurd.*
Narration: *If there was a way to do it... she wanted to help Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *However, that clearly wasn't a question of simply "covering his trial expenses" or anything of that sort.*
Narration: *Solving this with money would probably require the national budget of a small country.*
Yumiko: Even when ideology or religion's involved, everyone has their price... If worse came to worst, I was hoping I could just ransom Kazami-kun from the terrorists. But perhaps that was naive...
Amane: "...Sakaki-san, are you awake?"
Yumiko: Oh. Yes...
Amane: "I've got some nice thick sushi rolls we made for lunch. Would you like to try them?"
Yumiko: The door's open. Come in.
Amane: "Okay then, pardon me..."
Narration: *Come to think of it, she'd been sitting in front of her PC for hours now, not bothering to eat.*
Narration: *As she studied the piles of sushi rolls Amane was carrying, Yumiko realized that she was actually rather famished.*
Amane: Are you hungry?
Yumiko: Yes. Thank you. I must say, you certainly made a lot...
Amane: Well, I figured I might as well give everyone something to do, instead of letting them sit around worrying.
Amane: Makina made these ones with the panda-face pattern, see? And Sacchan made the ones with the flower patterns.
Yumiko: ...Uhm... what about these ones? With the pattern that would probably be blurred out if it appeared on television...?
Amane: Ah, right. Michiru made those.
Yumiko: ...What is this supposed to be...?
Amane: Well... she insists it's a cat, but...
Amane: Oh, wait. If you turn it upside-down and squint, maybe... Huh? What the heck? Why doesn't it look like a cat...?
Yumiko: I'm not sure why you're asking me...
Amane: It's not like she's that uncoordinated, but... for some reason, that girl's completely hopeless when it comes to making art.
Yumiko: Are these... safe to eat, you think...?
Amane: Aah, it's fine! I know they look kinda weird, but they taste good. Go on, try one.
Yumiko: ...I will. Thank you.
Amane: So... did you find out anything new about Yuuji?
Yumiko: Yes. I'll explain in detail later, but... the more I learn, the more difficult things become...
Yumiko: How are the other girls holding up?
Amane: Uhm, you just want my impressions?
Yumiko: Yes, that's right. What do you think?
Amane: Hmmm, well... Makina was my biggest concern, but she seems surprisingly calm for the moment. Sacchan's been keeping an eye on her this whole time, and I think that's preventing her from doing anything too impulsive.
Amane: On the other hand, I think Sacchan's concern for Makina is helping keep her relatively calm as well. 
Amane: ...Honestly, Sacchan's capable of pulling some pretty crazy stunts herself. And once you light a fire under her, it's hard to put it out...
Amane: But for the moment, she isn't behaving too strangely... I suppose you could say she's biding her time for now.
Amane: Instead of wasting her energy, she's quietly gathering her strength so that she can explode into action when she needs to.
Yumiko: ...How about Matsushima-san?
Amane: Well... you know how she is, right? She always defaults to going against the flow.
Amane: When we're discussing something as a group, Michiru always ends up playing the devil's advocate... and when everybody agrees on something, she says "no" almost reflexively.
Amane: At the moment, she's trying to act indifferent and detached, but I think there's a lot going on inside her head.
Amane: She's wondering about what she should do... what she can possibly accomplish. And that's okay for now. As long as she's busy arguing with her other "self," I don't think Michiru's going to take action.
Amane: With her, things don't get really scary until she breaks free of that deadlock... like, when she gets sick of thinking and throws caution to the wind. That's when she tends to act carelessly and cause all sorts of trouble...
Amane: But at the moment, she's still racking her brains for answers, so we should be okay for now.
Yumiko: One way or another, we clearly need some kind of conclusion...
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji's death would be the single most decisive possible ending.*
Narration: *But even if he were to be executed, the idiots of Mihama probably wouldn't accept that fact until they'd dug up his grave themselves.*
Narration: *As a group, they were unbelievably obstinate, stubborn, and pigheaded.*
Narration: *There wasn't much hope of convincing them to settle for anything less than seeing Kazami Yuuji again... at least once.*
Yumiko: And what about yourself, Suou-san?
Amane: Huh? Me...?
Yumiko: Yes. I was actually expecting you to be having the most trouble keeping your emotions in check.
Amane: Ahaha. Feels like everybody's been telling me that...
Amane: I mean... sure. I'd love to jump into action right this moment, if I could. But, you know... when we're not even sure what we should do, there isn't much point thrashing around wildly, right?
Amane: If I'm careless now, somebody else might lose their life protecting me. Sometimes, even something like screaming when you could've kept quiet can have terrible consequences...
Amane: So no matter what happens, I'm not going to flinch. I just want to brace myself for whatever comes next... for now, at least.
Yumiko: ...For now, eh...?
Amane: That's right. For now.
Amane: And what about you, Sakaki-san? What are you planning to do?
Yumiko: I don't think there's much I can do, quite honestly.
Yumiko: The best I can hope for is to keep the others from doing anything reckless...
Yumiko: But if worse comes to worst, I'll step forward and act as their shield.
Amane: ...Huh? Seriously? Uhm... this might sound a little rude, but I'm a little surprised...
Yumiko: We're not going to get anywhere running around like chickens with our heads cut off. A group needs someone to represent it and take responsibility for its choices... And I've decided that's going to be my role.
Amane: ...Why...?
Yumiko: What an odd question. Didn't I ever tell you how much I hate being left out?
Narration: *To paraphrase an old idiom: sometimes, a cornered rat will bite a cat.*
Narration: *The residents of Mihama were powerless and vulnerable - rejects with no real place in society. But now, they were sharpening their fangs and preparing to snap at the world.*
Narration: *Of course... for the moment, that mainly involved chewing on bizarrely-decorated sushi rolls.*

Date: *July 28, 2012, 18:28 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Narration: *At the same time this was happening, Mihama Women's Corps Raid Unit Leader Komine Sachi and her comrade, the notoriously gung-ho Squad Support Gunner Irisu Makina...*
Narration: *...were squatting in the "PX smoking area" (that is, the parking lot outside the local convenience store) like a pair of juvenile delinquents, sharing double-stick popsicles as they discussed the situation.*
Sachi: ...Uhm, Maki-chan? I know I'm being annoying about this, but I'm going to say it one more time.
Sachi: If you decide to fight, I'll come with you... so don't go off on your own, no matter what.
Makina: Yeah, I know.
Narration: *As Sachi herself had admitted, she'd stated this so many times already that it was getting a little absurd. But Makina wasn't actually as rash as her friend seemed to believe.*
Narration: *Not too long ago, an impulsive action on her part had set off a chain of events that ended with both herself and Yuuji suffering serious injuries.*
Narration: *She understood all too well that charging forward overconfidently would cause trouble not only for herself, but for the people she cared about.*
Makina: ...I mean, even if I wanted ta take action, there's way too many question marks. An' right now, we've still got five disadvantages.
Sachi: ...Five disadvantages...?
Makina: This is somethin' Onii-chan taught me a while ago. When a sniper's got five or more things workin' against them, they're always gonna fail...
Makina: Here's a question for ya, Sacchin. What makes a professional sniper a professional sniper?
Sachi: ...Uhm... the ability to hit their targets accurately?
Makina: Nah, that's just th' startin' point. You're not a sniper at all if ya can't manage that! Ya gotta shoot accurately an' with no hesitatin', or there's no point even talkin' about this.
Sachi: So it's the results that matter, then? Winning fight after fight?
Makina: Sure. And if ya wanna get a chain of wins going, what's yer first priority?
Sachi: ...Never lose...?
Makina: Exactly so!
Sachi: This feels like some kind of lesson in zen philosophy...
Makina: "Winnin' every fight" and "never losing a fight" might sound similar, but they're totally different. Like... as different as a Ki-61 an' a Ki-100!
Makina: When you're facin' down someone for real, ya either "win" or "lose," right? Ya beat the enemy, or they beat you.
Makina: But that's just how th' suits see things... In other words, it's th' mindset of a commander who's stayin' well away from th' actual fightin'.
Makina: Anyone who's actually been in th' field knows there's four actual outcomes. And if ya don't figure this out real quick, ya won't survive out there.
Sachi: Four outcomes...?
Makina: One - complete victory. Two - complete defeat. Three - draw. Four - loss by forfeit. That about covers it.
Makina: First off... if ya absolutely need to win, ya can't get greedy. Don't go lookin' to score a KO in th' first round. That one's a hard an' fast rule.
Makina: Of course, ya can't lose either. "Complete defeat" basically means you're dead, and once you're a corpse, there's no way of evenin' the score. So basically, ya gotta learn to accept "draws" and "forfeit losses."
Makina: Sometimes both sides run out of bullets or time an' give up on killin' each other. That's a tie, not a loss. An' a sniper can also choose not to fight in th' first place. That ain't a defeat, either...
Makina: Sometimes ya might have to fight even when th' odds are really grim, but cases like that aren't eggs-actly typical. Don't get into fights that you know you're gonna lose. That's the rule!
Makina: As long as you don't lose, that's good enough. There's no need to get impatient about provin' your chops. Keep on survivin', and you'll always have another chance to win. The guys who stubbornly refuse to die end up becomin' aces.
Sachi: I see... To be certain, Kazami-san was always telling me not to rush things... that my efforts would bear fruit in due time...
Makina: So anyhoo, gettin' back to that "five disadvantages" thing from earlier...
Makina: No matter how good things look, when there's five or more factors workin' against you, just bite your lip an' back off. Even if ya got a hundred advantages, if there's five disadvantages, it's time to give up.
Makina: Even if ya got a once-in-a-decade chance starin' you in the face, if there's five disadvantages, ya give up.
Makina: Accordin' to Onii-chan, ya might not win too big that way, but at least ya won't lose everything.
Sachi: ...At present, we don't even know who our enemies are. And we know where Kazami-san is, but not the details of his situation...
Makina: Air guns aren't gonna cut it weaponry-wise. At the moment, yer my only ally. An' even if we did rescue Onii-chan, I got no idea where we'd go from there... If we go chargin' in like this, what the heck are we gonna accomplish?
Makina: Maybe this is one of those cases where we gotta fight, even knowin' that there's no way to win... But at th' absolute least, we need to know who we're fightin' first.
Sachi: What if we do manage to discover who our real enemies are...?
Makina: Then I'll fight, of course. Even if I gotta take on the whole friggin' world.
Narration: *―On August 15 in the 20th year of Showa, all of Japan had listened dumbfounded to the staticy sound of the Jewel Voice Broadcast.*
Narration: *Disbelieving young people shed tears, as reluctant to admit the war was over as a juvenile delinquent is to accept the end of summer.*
Narration: *The occupying forces confiscated and destroyed the nation's weapons.*
Narration: *A sense of utter powerlessness crushed the hearts of its people.*
Narration: *But among those who had offered up their youthful lives in the defense of the Empire, some felt they could still fight; that their job was yet undone. And so, they waited for the chance to act.*
Narration: *Many of their comrades had more than had their fill of war and death.*
Narration: *But even if they stood alone, they would fight until the bitter end.*
Narration: *After all, they had made a promise.*
Narration: *To strike at their nation's enemies. To follow the fallen to Yasukuni.*
Narration: *They had sworn this to the comrades and friends who had given their lives.*
Narration: *Makina's resolve, in a sense, was not so different.*
Narration: *She had decided to live her life at Kazami Yuuji's side, and to die for his sake if the need arose.*
Narration: *How could she be expected to sit by and wait now that he had been placed in mortal peril?*
Narration: *Much like one of the officers who refused to heed the Emperor's words or their orders to surrender, and urged the people of Japan to fight on from their base at Atsugi...*
Narration: *Makina was not about to give up so easily.*
Narration: *Should her arrows be exhausted, her sword broken, and her allies slain, she would charge ahead nonetheless. With Mihama gone, she no longer had a "home" to return to anyway.*
Makina: ...Hey, Sacchin-san...
Sachi: Yes, Maki-chan-san...?
Makina: Back in th' old days... only children an' first-born sons were apparently excluded from th' kamikaze missions so they could carry on th' family name...
Sachi: Okay... what about it?
Makina: It makes me happy that you wanna come along with me... an' I really mean that...
Makina: But ya know... unlike me, you've got someplace to return to, right...? And what about yer mom in the hospital...?
Sachi: .........
Sachi: It's all right... Even if I were to disappear, there's enough money to pay for another hundred years of Mom's care...
Sachi: And... if my mother was awake right now, I think I know just what she'd say... "You need to think carefully about how much this matters to you, Sachi... and then make your own decision."
Sachi: ...In that case... I can't possibly abandon or betray you, Maki-chan. That's what it means to be a friend, isn't it...?
Sachi: We ate from the same pot, and fought at each other's side... If you're going to die, then I'll follow you to the depths of hell...
Makina: ...Yer definitely gonna regret it. You'll look back an' think "Aw man, I coulda lived a normal life"...
Sachi: No I won't.
Sachi: Listen, Maki-chan... remember the other day? When we were all ravenously hungry, and fought over that can of pineapple chunks?
Sachi: I actually found that... very fun, for some reason...
Sachi: Right now, it's just a trivial, meaningless memory...
Sachi: But when I think of that moment ten or twenty years from now, I want to remember it fondly... with an easy smile on my face...
Sachi: And if I turn my back on you now, I'm positive that won't happen... I probably won't even want to remember that day... I'll end up regretting... the things I could have done, but didn't...
Makina: ...Even ten or twenty years from now, a can of pineapple's just a can of pineapple...
Sachi: Maybe so... but I don't think it would have tasted nearly that good if I'd eaten it alone...
Sachi: I'd like to do that again sometime... with all of you, and Kazami-san as well...
Makina: ...Yer an idiot... a total idiot, Sacchan...
Sachi: That's fine by me, Maki-chan. Incidentally, your nose is running.
Makina: ...Ahaha... *snorrrt*...
Narration: *―Sometimes, a can of pineapple chunks isn't "just" a can of pineapple chunks.*
Narration: *They'd been very hungry, true. But that wasn't the only reason it had tasted so delicious.*
Narration: *When you're eating them with comrades... people with whom you've shared joy and sadness... even chunks of syrupy fruit can taste amazingly good.*
Narration: *If a friend was volunteering for hardship, they would do the same―*
Narration: *They'd known the sadness and frustration of being left behind, and they were sick of it―*
Narration: *As long as they could stay on their feet, they'd walk with their comrades―*
Narration: *And if they collapsed from their wounds, they'd crawl forward through the dirt―*
Narration: *All for the sake of a future where they might eat pineapple bits out of a can together with smiles on their faces.*
Narration: *The decision these two reached on this evening, in front of this convenience store, would later be known as the "twilight oath." *
Date: *July 28, 2012, 18:28 - School Dormitory - Michiru's Room*
Narration: *At about the same time this momentous (?) agreement was being reached, Matsushima Michiru was shut up alone in her room, having a discussion of sorts with herself.*
Michiru: ...What do I do?
Narration: *There was no telling how many times she'd muttered these words already.*
Narration: *She understood that worrying wasn't going to get her anywhere.*
Narration: *But she didn't know what else to do. She didn't even know what to think about.*
Narration: *Michiru was well aware she wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, but at times like this, her inability to figure things out quickly was particularly frustrating.*
Narration: *The harder she tried, the heavier her head felt. Her thoughts moved in slow, ponderous circles, like passengers on a creaky old Ferris wheel.*
Narration: *Eventually, the ride ground to a complete halt... and she found herself speaking to the other "Michiru" within her.*
Michiru: Hey... what should I do? What do you think...? 
“Michiru”: "Don't ask me for advice when you've already made up your mind."
Michiru: ...But...
“Michiru”: "But nothing. Are you all right with never seeing Kazami Yuuji again? Are you sick of him?"
Michiru: Well, no, but...
“Michiru”: "In that case, I suppose you have your answer."
Michiru: Okay, yeah, sure!
Michiru: But, I mean... what can I possibly do?
“Michiru”: "Who knows? You can at least try your best, if nothing else."
Michiru: Try my best...?
“Michiru”: "That's right. No matter what you want to accomplish, there's no point giving up before you even begin. He taught you that much, didn't he?"
“Michiru”: "This is where that tsundere thing comes in handy. It's not like you're doing this for him! You're doing it for yourself, since you're sad he's gone. You're just helping him out while you're at it, that's all! Or whatever."
Michiru: Ooh, right! That's good...
“Michiru”: "There's no point trying to think your way through life. You're not clever enough."
“Michiru”: "Why not just do what you want to do? Let your emotions carry you where they will?"
“Michiru”: "It's how you've done things up until now, and I don't think that'll be changing any time soon."
“Michiru”: "You're all right the way you are, and I'm not going to tell you otherwise... It's as simple as that, really."
Michiru: ...Right...
Narration: *In the end, she had to make up her own mind. And once she set off on her path, she'd be fully responsible for that choice.*
Narration: *If she ended up having to suffer some unpleasant consequences, that was okay. It didn't feel great to admit, but she was used to being miserable.*
Narration: *But what if her actions ended up getting someone else in trouble? What if everything took a turn for the worse because of her mistakes? The thought was enough to paralyze her with fear.*
Narration: *Michiru had once watched a very dear friend disappear right before her eyes. She couldn't bear to have that happen again.*
Narration: *But then again... on that day, she hadn't managed to say anything. Not "Don't leave me." Not even "I'll come with you." And she regretted that deeply, even now.*
Narration: *―What to do? What could she possibly do?*
Narration: *The more she thought, the more conflicted she grew. It was enough to make her want to scream.*
Michiru: ...Nwwaaaaaaaaah!!!
“Michiru”: "Pipe down!"
Michiru: Awww...
Narration: *Well, she'd just gotten yelled at by herself.*
Narration: *"Inner conflict" might sound kind of cool, but Michiru knew all too well that she was really just leaning on her other self yet again.*
Narration: *She needed someone to pull her along and push her forward, or she'd never do anything at all. That was dependence, plain and simple.*
Narration: *She'd thought this over at length on the day when she was buried alive.*
Narration: *Back then, after deciding that she wanted to live, she'd crawled up through the dirt. And when she reached out toward hope, who was it that had grasped her hand?*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji, of course.*
Narration: *And right now, he was stuck in a deep, dark hole of his own. Didn't that mean it was her turn to take him by the hand?*
Narration: *If she was ever going to be his equal, she couldn't just rely on others to make her decisions for her.*
Narration: *She knew that.*
Narration: *She knew that, but...*
Michiru: ...Nwaaaaaaaah!!
“Michiru”: "Seriously, shut up!"
Michiru: Haau... shorry...
Narration: *―Everyone wanted to do something, but there wasn't much to be done.*
Narration: *Everyone feared that someone else might act rashly; and so, they admonished themselves to be careful, even if no one else was.*
Narration: *Some had already grown firmly determined. Some were still brooding. But most were already looking forward to the moment where things would come to a head, quietly biding their time as they tried to decide what they would do.*
Date: *July 31, 2012, 12:45 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *All too soon, that day arrived.*
Narration: *The final day of Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *As of midnight, the school would be closed down. This was the end.*
Narration: *Once the day's scheduled lessons were complete, the classroom where they'd spent so much time would be locked, and their school would disappear.*
Narration: *While this had been communicated to them in advance, it still didn't feel quite real. There wasn't much tension in the air at first.*
Narration: *But before the afternoon's elective classes, all of Mihama's students were called to their classroom...*
Narration: *And as the visiting lecturers who had served as their teachers also filed into the air-conditioned room, the mood finally began to change.*
Narration: *What was about to take place here?*
Narration: *As they braced themselves, their principal walked to the podium with a mild expression on her face, cleared her throat... and briefly described Mihama's financial issues before restating the details of its closure.*
Principal: This is an official announcement to all of our current students. As you've been informed, Mihama Academy will be closing down at midnight. I know this will be a great inconvenience; I can only ask for your understanding.
Narration: *In the suddenly solemn atmosphere of that classroom, the principal's upbeat voice seemed a bit out of place. Nothing she was saying came as any surprise, but her words still had an impact.*
Narration: *The school really was shutting down. That fact had lodged itself in the students' hearts like a thorn.*
Principal: With regard to your futures, all of our lecturers are willing to offer their advice and assistance. I encourage you to consult with them.
Principal: If you've already decided where you'll be going, you're not obligated to speak with us... but I must prohibit you from discussing this with each other in the absence of supervision.
Principal: We don't want you to accept an invitation from a friend without carefully considering it, or to scorn those who choose another path. I hope you can understand that this rule is necessary to prevent situations of that sort.
Principal: This is a decision you have to make yourselves. Even if you've already made up your mind, I'd like you to reconsider that choice carefully. The faculty will offer you our full cooperation over the course of that process.
Principal: On that note, we will be taking the time scheduled for your elective classes this afternoon and using it as a period for counseling.
Principal: If there are any lecturers you'd like to consult for advice, please make your way to their offices. We will all be standing by until six this evening.
Principal: That's all from me.
Narration: *With her concise speech completed, the principal stepped down from the podium.*
Narration: *Without turning around, she walked out of the classroom, followed by the lecturers. Soon enough, only Mihama's five students remained in the room.*
Amane: Uhm, so... no afternoon classes, I guess?
Yumiko: Apparently not...
Narration: *After that brief exchange, the classroom fell back into a heavy silence.*
Narration: *A discussion between friends was no way to make decisions about the future. The group hadn't taken the principal's warnings on that point too seriously, but for whatever reason, no one was speaking.*
Narration: *Did they already understand each other's intentions? Or had they simply realized that, under the circumstances, they had to make their own final decisions?*
Narration: *As everyone watched each other, trying to assess the situation, one of the five broke the stalemate. Surprisingly enough, it was Komine Sachi.*
Narration: *Quietly getting up from her seat, she strode to the classroom's front door without meeting the gazes of her classmates. After sliding open the door, she turned back and bowed slightly to the room, then left without a word.*
Narration: *No one had asked her any questions. No one had tried to stop her. *
Narration: *The next to rise from her seat was Matsushima Michiru.*
Narration: *There was nothing solemn about her attitude. One might almost have thought she was heading to the bathroom during a recess. Joining her hands behind her head in an forcedly casual manner, she walked to the classroom's rear door.*
Narration: *Reaching it, she paused abruptly and breathed in as if to speak... then looked down and studied her slippers for a moment.*
Narration: *In the end, she left without saying whatever had been on the tip of her tongue.*
Narration: *Most likely, there were countless words swirling around inside Michiru's head. Knowing how it must have felt to keep all that bottled up inside, no one could bring themselves to call out to her.*
Narration: *Next, Suou Amane and Irisu Makina stood almost simultaneously.*
Narration: *The timing appeared to be coincidental. They hadn't exchanged glances.*
Narration: *Normally, the two of them were as intimate as sisters, but at the moment one might almost have thought they were in the middle of a fight.*
Narration: *As if to emphasize their disinterest in each other's actions, Amane headed for the front door while Makina walked toward the rear.*
Narration: *Like the others, they opened their doors wordlessly, but...*
Makina: "...What th' heck are you doin', Chiruchiru...?"
Michiru: "Ah! Guh!? Oh, shaddup! I'm not doing anything!"
Narration: *―Despite Michiru's admirable efforts to make an impressive exit, it seemed she'd gotten paranoid that the others might be making fun of her for it.*
Narration: *Instead of walking off down the hallway, she'd apparently pressed her ear to the door to listen in... making things slightly awkward when Makina opened it.*
Narration: *Still blocking the way, Michiru stared down at the girl in front of her.*
Narration: *For her part, Makina gazed right back up at her classmate.*
Narration: *This staring contest went on for quite some time, but eventually Michiru turned around and left, with Makina following in her footsteps.*
Narration: *Now alone in the classroom, Yumiko found herself wondering about her departed classmates.*
Narration: *Were they actually going off to discuss their futures with the teachers who were waiting in their offices?*
Narration: *More importantly, what was she herself going to do?*
Narration: *She really ought to know that much, but the answer remained unclear.*
Narration: *For some reason, she found herself remembering something she'd overheard once.*
Narration: *One afternoon, probably some time ago by now, Yuuji had been playing with Makina as usual when he spoke the words in question.*
Narration: *"Once you decide something's impossible, you'll never get anywhere with it."*
Narration: *It wasn't an especially memorable statement, but for some reason, it had resonated deeply with Yumiko.*
Narration: *You can try to "pull yourself back together," but once your willpower's failed you, it inevitably gives way again. Eventually, giving up starts to come as a relief.*
Narration: *...In retrospect, it felt like Yuuji was always saying oddly significant things, though perhaps her mind was playing tricks on her in his absence.*
Narration: *Another memory flashed through Yumiko's mind. Makina had been tugging Yuuji's arm frantically, trying to convince him to hurry so they wouldn't miss the start of some television show...*
Narration: *But in a composed tone of voice, he'd told her "a commander doesn't run in front of their men."*
Narration: *No matter what the circumstances, a commander never gets flustered. They act calmly and carefully.*
Narration: *If nothing else, staying composed means you won't be making the people under your command more anxious than they need to be.*
Narration: *Sheer willpower can't make the impossible a reality. Still, there was the case of a certain lieutenant who'd boasted "bullets can't hit me" while standing boldly at the front line of a terrible battle...*
Narration: *And when he came through it unscathed, the men who'd witnessed this no longer hesitated to trust him with their lives.*
Yumiko: ...A commander doesn't run in front of their men.
Narration: *After speaking these words thoughtfully to the empty classroom, Yumiko rose slowly from her seat.*
Narration: *And then, imitating the students who'd left the classroom with determined strides... She took her own first step toward the future she'd chosen to believe in.*

Date: *July 31, 2012, 17:42 - School Dormitory - Yumiko's Room*
Narration: *After leaving the school building, Yumiko ultimately returned to her room. Rather than doing anything in particular, she sat around waiting for time to pass.*
Narration: *To be more precise, it wasn't that she had nothing to do, but rather that she simply couldn't manage to focus on anything.*
Narration: *A part of her was waiting impatiently for the day to end; but at the same time, knowing how little time remained filled her with anxiety. In combination, these conflicting emotions made it difficult to take any specific action.*
Yumiko: ...Haa...
Narration: *Letting out a sigh that had been sitting heavily at the bottom of her lungs for some time, Yumiko glanced up at the clock on her wall. Somehow, it was nearly six in the evening.*
Narration: *Six PM was the time limit.*
Narration: *After six, the instructors who were standing by to offer their advice and assistance would pack up and head home. Speaking with them might offer her different paths forward. Once they left, her options would narrow significantly.*
Narration: *The power LED on the laptop sitting in front of Yumiko changed from orange to green. She'd put off packing her computer until the very last moment; closing the machine, she slipped it into her bag and slung it over her shoulder.*
Narration: *Staring at the clock, she rose halfway from her seat, then sat back down. This process repeated itself a number of times. But with about fifteen minutes remaining, her patience finally ran out.*
Narration: *Standing up at last, she looked around the room in which she'd isolated herself for much of her time at Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *Her shelves were full of her favorite books.*
Narration: *With one glance at any given title, Yumiko could vividly recall the anguish she'd felt at the time she was reading it.*
Narration: *The stink of misery had thoroughly ingrained itself into this room. *
Narration: *It was, in a sense, a cage which she'd confined herself in.*
Narration: *After today, she might never see it again.*
Narration: *On the morning of his departure, one well-known adventurer supposedly set fire to his cabin home in order to strengthen his resolve.*
Narration: *With a dormitory room, that wasn't exactly a viable option... but Yumiko did believe herself prepared to leave the place behind for good.*
Narration: *Still, when she reached out to turn off the lights, she found herself hesitating.*
Narration: *It wasn't too late to turn back.*
Narration: *Was this really what she wanted to do?*
Narration: *Her fingers stiffened, paralyzed by doubt.*
Narration: *If she kept running away from this, nothing would ever change. She was at a turning point in her life. A watershed moment. Turning to flee would lead her exactly nowhere; she knew that all too well.*
Yumiko: ...Hooo...
Narration: *In the form of a long, soft sigh, Yumiko pushed her weakness out of her. And with a flick of her finger, she turned off the lights.*
Narration: *This room was part of the past now. She had a new path to follow.*
Narration: *Steeling herself, she strode out into the hallway. And in that moment, her time in Mihama Academy effectively came to an end.*
Narration: *As of now, she was no longer a "student."*
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko was her own person - nothing more, nothing less. It wouldn't inconvenience anyone else if she were to take action.*
Narration: *Of course, once she stepped outside the school gates, the extravagant "freedom" she had enjoyed within the bounds of Mihama's walls would come to an end.*
Narration: *But she was taking that step willingly - in pursuit of true freedom, and to regain something she'd lost.*
Narration: *Her tranquil life inside this birdcage was over.*
Narration: *As Yumiko closed the door on her darkened room, she thought she felt a long-stopped clock inside her begin to tick once more.*
Amane: ...Are you leaving...?
Narration: *Suou Amane called out to Yumiko. It seemed as if she'd been waiting for this very moment.*
Narration: *She was leaning against the hallway wall with her head hanging forward listlessly. Her bangs obscured the expression on her face, and her arms were folded under her chest as if to emphasize her formidable "assets."*
Yumiko: ...Don't try to stop me. If I don't go now, I think I'll keep standing still for the rest of my life...
Amane: Where are you planning to go...?
Yumiko: Why do you want to know that?
Amane: Hmm, good question... Wherever you're going, you're going to need a driver, right?
Yumiko: A driver isn't much good without a car...
Narration: *To be sure, Amane had always been there to help when Yumiko wanted to purchase something too large to carry.*
Narration: *But the mini-truck they'd used on those occasions didn't belong to either of them. It was the property of the school.*
Narration: *Rebellious young people grabbing the keys on the way out the door was a tradition of sorts, granted...*
Narration: *But a "parting gift" like that wouldn't go unnoticed, and the last thing they needed was to be tracked down and arrested for theft.*
Amane: Then how about a cook? No matter where you go, you've got to eat... and with me around, you won't be having Oyang for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Yumiko: ...That's certainly an attractive offer, but...
Narration: *―Suou Amane had the option of returning to her family.*
Narration: *There was no need for her to participate in a lonely, hopeless struggle just because she felt "obliged" to do so.*
Narration: *With so much pain and violence in her past, who could blame her for choosing a safer and surer path forward?*
Narration: *It wasn't like she had to keep fighting the good fight. She could head over to the paymaster to collect the salary she'd earned, along with some canned food and a few blankets, then hitch a ride back home with a passing truck.*
Narration: *When their wounded daughter appeared on their doorstep, her parents would surely be kind and patient.*
Narration: *Sooner or later, she'd meet a better man than Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *An ordinary family would suit her fine. In fact... it would probably be the best possible thing for her, after all she'd been through. Suou Amane was the sort of person who could appreciate the true value of an "ordinary" life.*
Yumiko: ...The battle ahead might be a painful one... and you might not be able to live a normal life afterward. You might end up ruing the day this foolish idea crossed your mind...
Yumiko: Are you sure you've thought this through properly...?
Amane: A normal life, huh...? Well, I bet I'd be pretty happy with that...
Amane: But y'know... if I did go down that road, I think I'd be asking myself "was that really for the best?" for the rest of my life...
Amane: If I just stand here and watch my classmates walk off into the sunset... well... I think I'll be seeing that moment in my dreams until the day I die.
Amane: I've... had enough of that for one lifetime...
Amane: And by the way, Sakaki-san, I'm not planning on fighting in any "battles." I just don't want to be the girl who runs away anymore... simple as that.
Amane: I stayed put on that mountain for an awfully long time, waiting for rescue... so I'm pretty used to being patient. And sometimes, things improve on their own if you wait long enough...
Amane: But you know... when waiting won't do any good, you've got to take action while you can...
Amane: I mean, running away sure as heck isn't going to solve anything...
Amane: When you abandon everything and run off on your own... all you end up with is a whole lot of bitter regret and pointless hatred...
Amane: And once you realize what you've turned into, just being alive starts to feel like a crime. Your self-loathing becomes its own punishment...
Amane: Basically... I've decided, of my own free will, that I never want to feel that way again.
Yumiko: ...I see...
Narration: *Do as you please, then.*
Narration: *Yumiko spoke the words somewhat brusquely, but Amane responded with a cheerful nod. And when her friend strode forward, she followed in her footsteps.*
Narration: *Elsewhere, as this conversation was taking place... Irisu Makina was seated on top of the school gatepost, kicking her legs back and forward to demonstrate her boredom, while Komine Sachi tidied up the area with a bamboo broom.*
Makina: Hey, Sachiiiin... how long are ya plannin' to keep sweepin' up there...?
Sachi: I'm sorry. But this is my last chance to sweep the courtyard... and I want to express my gratitude to this school for all the time I've spent here...
Narration: *Since her arrival at Mihama Academy, Sachi had cleaned the area around the gate almost every single day.*
Narration: *In cherry blossom season... and later, when the leaves were falling... she had actually swept up twice on a daily basis.*
Narration: *Once cherry blossoms have fallen, they'll never return to their branches. *
Narration: *But when the seasons turn, new blossoms will bloom in their place. *
Narration: *If we, too, are blossoms destined to tumble from our branches, then let our final moments at least be beautiful ones.*
Narration: *Let us strain against the wind, clinging desperately to life. And when we fall... let some noble observer murmur words of regret at our graceful passing.*
Narration: *A life, once spent, is gone forever. And when you're conscious of this, even an utterly familiar courtyard you've swept countless times can bring tears to your eyes.*
Narration: *Swallowing the lump in her throat, Komine Sachi looked down, bit her lip... and spotted, in the corner of her eye, Yumiko and Amane approaching.*
Sachi: ...Are you going out?
Narration: *As Sachi greeted them with a somewhat forced smile on her face, Yumiko replied with a casual grin of her own.*
Yumiko: Yes. For a little while, at least...
Sachi: What time do you think you'll be returning?
Yumiko: I'm afraid I'm not too sure about that myself...
Narration: *Yumiko's tone was oddly gentle.*
Narration: *On her back, she carried a remarkably large bag.*
Narration: *Something about the way she held herself suggested a resolve that could no longer be shaken.*
Makina: ...Mind if I tag along too?
Narration: *Abruptly stopping the swinging of her legs, Makina smiled boldly down from her lofty perch; and tilting her head upward, Yumiko met her gaze.*
Yumiko: As long as you don't make a nuisance of yourself.
Makina: Aw, it'll be fine... as long as yer givin' decent orders.
Yumiko: If you need to be ordered to behave yourself, then I don't want you. For starters, how about removing your rear end from our beloved alma mater's gatepost?
Makina: Tch... if ya insist...
Narration: *Clicking her tongue resentfully, Makina hoisted herself up off the post with both hands and leapt nimbly to the ground.*
Makina: Hokay then. So you'll take me along if I behave myself?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Yumiko stared down at the diminutive young woman now standing in front of her.*
Narration: *They couldn't approach this as a joke or some kind of game.*
Narration: *It was entirely possible they'd be branded as traitors to their own country.*
Narration: *"Are you quite sure...?"*
Narration: *In response to Yumiko's unspoken question, Makina met her gaze firmly and steadily.*
Narration: *They were the eyes of a girl who had nothing to lose.*
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*...
Narration: *Evidently overpowered by Makina's determination, Yumiko let out a small, quiet sigh of defeat.*
Narration: *Taking this as her signal, Sachi silently appeared at Makina's side, still holding her bamboo broom.*
Sachi: ...If Maki-chan is going, then I'll come as well.
Yumiko: Have you thought this through...?
Sachi: Indeed. Both Maki-chan and Kazami-san are my dear friends... and I'm prepared to risk my life for them.
Yumiko: ...I see...
Narration: *With those brief words, Yumiko turned back once more to look at Mihama Academy, which had been her home for so long.*
Yumiko: ...You know, they did intend to make this school something of an academic powerhouse... It's a pity all the students they admitted were such idiots...
Narration: *Idiots, were they...? Well, it was hard to argue with that...*
Narration: *But as they considered Yumiko's statement, the word "idiot" left everyone there thinking of a certain someone.*
Makina: Is th' queen of the idiots... not comin' with us?
Amane: Maybe she's still trying to make up her mind? I mean, that girl's astonishingly dumb...
Sachi: Honestly. What is that brainless bottle-blonde doing...?
Makina: I don't think that blondie even figgered out what we were gonna do today. Who saw her last, anyway? What was she up to?
Amane: Uhhh... I guess that'd be me? I saw her by the vending machines in the hallway, sticking her tongue into a plastic bottle... But she seemed kinda lost in thought, so I didn't say anything to her... 
Makina: What th' hell? Should we go find her?
Yumiko: ...There's no reason to pull her along with us. We should just leave her be.
Makina: What? Ya'd rather leave her behind?
Yumiko: No, that isn't really what I meant...
Amane: Want to wait just a little longer?
Yumiko: All right... let's give it another ten minutes. We'll wait until six...
Sachi: What if she doesn't come by that time...?
Yumiko: In that case, we recognize that Matsushima-san found the courage to choose a different path... and we pray that it brings her happiness.
Makina: What th' heck are you doin', Chiruchiru...? We're seriously gonna leave without ya...
Narration: *Five minutes ago, she'd decided that she was going. And now she was reconsidering... yet again.*
Narration: *She'd packed up everything she needed to leave and dashed out of her room. But even this late in the game, she couldn't help second-guessing herself.*
Narration: *The more important something was, the harder it was for her to decide anything by herself. That was simply Matsushima Michiru's nature.*
Narration: *She was afraid of being hurt. She'd think up excuse after excuse, then miss her chance entirely. That was how it had always gone.*
Narration: *It was, of course, for this very reason that her other "self" had come to be.*
Narration: *The other girl inside her was nothing more than a shadow. The product of her own weakness.*
Narration: *But even knowing that... No, perhaps because she knew that... Michiru continued to doubt herself.*
“Michiru”: "...It's time. Shouldn't you be going?"
Michiru: Yeah... I know... I know, but... just give me a minute...
Michiru: ...I was going through my stuff... and found this...
“Michiru”: "...A sparkler...?"
Michiru: Yep, that's right... I'm pretty sure it's left over from last summer...
“Michiru”: "Last summer...? When you all went to the beach?"
Michiru: Yeah... I kept complaining that we didn't have any rocket fireworks... so he handed me a bunch of these, and told me to play quietly for a while... This is the last one...
“Michiru”: "You saved it instead of using it?"
Michiru: Yep. Stashed it away in my pocket...
“Michiru”: "Honestly, you're such a packrat... Just because he gives you something doesn't mean you have to get all attached to it. I still can't believe you kept those rocks..."
Michiru: Yeah, I know what you mean. It's so girly that it's actually kinda creepy, right...?
“Michiru”: "I see. So now you're finally going to set fire to it?"
Michiru: I don't think it's gonna give me "closure" or anything... but yeah...
“Michiru”: "It's pointless. Even when that thing's reduced to a burned-up husk, you'll still treasure it. You won't abandon it or forget about it..."
Michiru: You think so?
“Michiru”: "I wouldn't mind betting on it."
Michiru: What are you betting?
“Michiru”: "How about my life?"
Michiru: That's kinda meaningless, isn't it? I mean, your life's basically my life too...
“Michiru”: "Right. Multiple-personality joke."
Michiru: It wasn't really funny.
“Michiru”: "I know things are tough, but you can't look so gloomy. Smiling is pretty much your job around here, right?"
Michiru: Yeah... I know...
Narration: *No matter how well you understand what you need to do, sometimes you simply can't convince your body to move.*
Narration: *At the end of the day, she was a coward.*
Narration: *There's nothing wrong with a little cowardice. Yuuji himself had told her that.*
Narration: *But at times like this, she genuinely hated herself for her timidity.*
Narration: *And because she understood this, the other girl inside her didn't pursue the matter too persistently.*
Narration: *There was no point criticizing her for it.*
“Michiru”: "Sparklers really are pretty..."
Michiru: Yeah, that's true... I've never really liked them, though...
“Michiru”: "Why not?"
Michiru: They only sparkle beautifully for a little while... and once they're all burned out, all that's left is a husk... It's like watching a terrible life in fast-forward. Makes me feel kinda sad, honestly...
“Michiru”: "It's making you sad because you're doing it all alone. Fireworks are something you do with other people, okay? You created me, so I don't exactly qualify."
Michiru: I know...
“Michiru”: "In that case, maybe you shouldn't be playing around here?"
Michiru: I know, okay!?
Narration: *Shouting at herself wasn't going to change anything.*
Narration: *With every minute she spent on her own, the air grew thicker with melancholy.*
Narration: *Eventually, the sparkler in Michiru's hand quietly burned itself out.*
Narration: *The sight of its charred remains only intensified her loneliness.*
Michiru: ...Guess... I gotta get going...
Narration: *Michiru wasn't entirely sure herself what she was feeling right now, staring down at her burned-out firework.*
Narration: *Only one vague thought came to mind: she wanted to see Yuuji.*
Narration: *Picking up her bottle, she poured a bit of water onto the smoldering stick. Once it had cooled, she wrapped it carefully in a tissue... and then pushed it gently into her pocket, as if stowing away something truly precious.*
Michiru: All right!!
Narration: *Michiru rose up off the ground. Not for the first time today, she found herself burning with determination.*
Narration: *She wasn't going to tell herself it was "for real this time." People who say that are just trying to convince themselves it's true.*
Narration: *Still... there was a giddy energy inside her that hadn't been there before.*
Narration: *For now, that was good enough.*
Narration: *Bringing her bottle to her mouth, Michiru vigorously gulped down the water remaining within.*
Narration: *―The clock on the schoolhouse wall indicated that it was six PM.*
Narration: *They couldn't wait any longer.*
Narration: *It would be unfair to burden their friend with the assumption that she wanted to come with them.*
Narration: *And so, there would be no extensions.*
Yumiko: It's time...
Amane: Well... I guess that's that...
Makina: Wait! It's Chiruchiru we're talking about, okay!? What if she took a siesta an' overslept!? We should at least call her or somethin'!
Yumiko: What are you planning to say if she answers the phone? And how do you know what her reply will be?
Makina: But... But...!
Yumiko: It's time to give up. This might sound cold, but Matsushima-san has made her choice...
Sachi: ...Even the blossoms that linger on the tree will fall someday, Maki-chan...
Makina: Hrm... I guess... yer right. We'll just hafta wait fer her on the other side...
Sachi: Well then. Before we depart, let us offer a few words of farewell to Mihama Academy... Everyone, please line up and face the school building.
Narration: *Since their arrival here, many, many things had transpired.*
Narration: *And when they tried to untangle their tangled web of remembrances, nothing but happy and heart-warming memories came to mind.*
Narration: *No matter what society at large might think, that was proof enough that Mihama Academy had been a wonderful school.*
Narration: *Looking up at the school building, Sachi began to speak in a voice full of emotion.*
Sachi: ...We learned many things here. And now, with our wings fully formed, we are ready to take flight...
Sachi: In the face of adversity and sadness, we will think of the time we spent here as we rise to our feet. And when happiness and good fortune shines on us, we will remember this school as we smile...
Sachi: Thank you, Mihama Academy... Truly, thank you...
Sachi: With this gratitude in our hearts, let us lower ourselves into the mud, squeeze our rifles tightly, and crawl stubbornly forward... Let us sacrifice today for the sake of a tomorrow in which others might live in peace...
Sachi: As of this moment, we leave our glorious alma mater behind and take to the sky. Please watch over us from afar...
Sachi: On behalf of the Mihama student body... I am the class representative, Komine Sachi...
Narration: *As she spoke those words, Sachi bowed her head deeply toward the school building.*
Narration: *A moment later, everyone else there followed her example.*
Narration: *When they raised their heads and looked past the school building to the twilight sky, what were these "graduates" thinking of?*
Narration: *Did they have regrets? Were there things they'd left undone?*
Narration: *It was fair to say they'd done all they could. But even so, there was perhaps a touch of sadness in their hearts at the prospect of parting from one of the friends they'd made here.*
Narration: *However, the time had come to say farewell... until the day they met again.*
Makina: Farewell, my bottle-blonde bud! I'll catch ya somewhere on down th' line! Until then... take care of yerself, moron!
Narration: *In the red-tinged sunset above them, they thought they could see the face of a certain bottle-blonde imbecile.*
Narration: *Come to think of it... why had that woman always smelled like grapefruit, anyway?*
Narration: *Farewell, dumbass.*
Narration: *At the very last moment, you chose the wiser path. That decision took courage - and we'll never forget it.*
Narration: *Well then, let's be on our way. There's a whole new world waiting for us...*
Narration: *With firm resolve in their hearts, they turned their backs on their school to take their first step forward. And in that very moment, a shrill but familiar sound reached their ears.*
Michiru: Mweeeeeeey!! Haaaaaaait huuuuuuuff!!
Narration: *Hmm... Well then. What manner of language was this?*
Narration: *It almost sounded as if someone was shrieking "Hey! Wait up!" in a remarkably peculiar fashion. Stopping in their tracks, the group turned toward the noise... and found themselves face-to-face with a vividly blonde creature.*
Michiru: Heeer hoo hehhoffhee huhha heef he hehinh!? Whuh's huh hig hihea!?
Narration: *"Were you seriously gonna leave me behind!? What's the big idea!?"*
Narration: *The bottle-blond currently emitting odd noises that sounded something like this was, unmistakably, Matsushima Michiru herself. A plastic bottle was dangling from her face. Her tongue appeared to be stuck tightly within it.*
Makina: ...What th' heck are you doin', girl...?
Narration: *What could you even say?*
Narration: *Staring at her friend with eyes full of scorn, Makina reached up and yanked forcefully on the bottle in question.*
Michiru: ...Hehaaah!!
Narration: *With an unpleasant little "plorch," Michiru's tongue popped free from its prison, sending drool flying in all directions.*
Michiru: ...Yowwww! Oh, my poor tongue! Yowwww!
Narration: *As their dimwitted classmate writhed in agony, holding a hand to her mouth with tears in her eyes, a single thought ran through everyone's heads.*
Narration: *"Gaaah, here she is... The dumbass showed up..."*
Narration: *This was something they should all be celebrating. They understood that, of course.*
Narration: *But even so... it was hard not to furrow your brow at such a virtuoso display of sheer dumbassery.*
Narration: *All eyes turned to Yumiko.*
Yumiko: ...W-What...?
Makina: Okay, Yumi-chan... lemme ask ya this one last time. Are ya sure we shouldn't just dump her?
Yumiko: Guh...
Michiru: "Guh" yourself! You really think you're going to leave ME behind!? Not in a million light-years, bub!
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama? The light-year is a unit of distance, not time...
Michiru: I know that! It's just a, uh... finger of speech, okay!?
Narration: *Truly, this girl was a peerless idiot. What could you even say in the face of such artistry?*
Narration: *An uncomfortable silence stretched out for quite some time. But in the end, Amane managed to muster enough willpower to speak...*
Amane: ...Okay, let's go...
Makina: Yeah, sounds good...
Michiru: Huh? Whaaaat!? "Let's go"? Is that all you've got to say!?
Narration: *Rather upset by how quickly they'd moved past her dramatic last-minute arrival, Michiru began to object angrily, but...*
Yumiko: Don't shout, all right!? We'll leave you behind if you can't behave!
Michiru: Auuu... I'm sorry. I'll be quiet, okay? Don't leave me behind...
Sachi: Well then, Michiru-sama, let's be on our way.
Michiru: Ah, wait! Where are we going, anyway? C'mon! Don't leave me!
Narration: *Matsushima Michiru set off at a desperate run, trying to catch up with her comrades.*
Narration: *But as she wasn't really looking where she was going, she ended up smacking right into a passing pedestrian.*
Michiru: Yowch! I'm so sorry!!
Pedestrian: ......
Narration: *Michiru immediately apologized, but the pedestrian just glanced at her, then stood up and walked off silently.*
Michiru: What the heck...? I mean, it was my fault for not looking where I was going, but...
Michiru: Wouldn't you at least say "that's all right" or something...? And why wear a coat like that in this heat...? What a weirdo...
Narration: *The woman had in fact been somewhat rude, so Michiru's indignation was at least somewhat understandable...*
Narration: *But if Yuuji had been around, he'd probably have pointed out that she didn't have much room to criticize anyone else for wearing heavy coats in the middle of summer.*
Narration: *Of course, Yuuji wasn't here to make that observation. But as of this moment, their operation to reclaim him had begun in earnest.*
Makina: Chiruchiruuuu! What's th' big idea!? Get a move on, or we really are gonna ditch you!
Michiru: Ah, right! I'm coming!!
Narration: *She hastened once more to rejoin the group; and soon enough, she tripped over her own shoe and tumbled dramatically to the ground.*
Narration: *That, my friends, was Matsushima Michiru in a nutshell.*
Michiru: Yowwwie!!!

Date: *July 31, 2012, 19:28 - Metropolitan Area - Taito*
Narration: *Having willingly abandoned their former headquarters in dramatic fashion, Sakaki Yumiko and her party now found themselves riding a train toward a new base of operations.*
Amane: ...So anyway, where's this new hideout you got for us?
Yumiko: Well, I don't really know if I'd call it a "hideout"... but in any case, it's in the metropolitan area.
Yumiko: I imagine this might seem a little awkward from your perspective, but it's actually rather close to your parents' restaurant.
Amane: ...Huh? Wait, is it in Sendai?
Yumiko: No, the adjoining Taito ward. In the Asakusa Bridge area.
Amane: Oh wow... that's basically my home turf.
Yumiko: ...Would you like to stop by and see your parents?
Amane: Nah, that's okay... I did give Mom a quick explanation of my current situation, but I'm still keeping it a secret from Dad... And even if I wanted to, I'm not sure how well I could explain all the details...
Yumiko: Are you really all right with that?
Amane: When this whole thing finally blows over, I'll give them a proper explanation.
Narration: *Knowing that she couldn't really justify her current course of action to her parents did inspire a certain amount of guilt.*
Narration: *Nobody among them was fully convinced that the choice they'd made was the "correct" one. But they'd risen to their feet in the face of an impossible dilemma and taken a step forward. If nothing else, they could take pride in that.*
Yumiko: ...We're here.
Michiru: Huh...? We are? It's a river.
Yumiko: Yes, so it is. This houseboat will be our new residence.
Michiru: Uh, wait. A houseboat...? It's a pleasure boat! Why would you buy a pleasure boat!?
Yumiko: Well, I thought it might be convenient if our base itself could move in an emergency situation...
Makina: Dang, this thing's just like a Shohatsu landin' craft! That's hella cool! I'm in love!
Amane: Hmm... well, it's a little bit on the tacky side, but if it used to be a pleasure boat... I assume that means it's got a kitchen, right?
Yumiko: I bought it used over the internet, so this is my first time seeing it in person... And I was bidding on the papers and such, with the vessel itself tacked on as an afterthought. I didn't quite expect it to be like this.
Yumiko: In any case, I do have the keys, so let's take a look inside...
Makina: Gaaaah...
Amane: Uh, well... yeah, I think "gaaah" about sums it up. This is... kind of a mess, huh? Seems like the sorta boat you'd find drifting around in Thailand or Vietnam...
Yumiko: ...That's odd... the documents describe it as having toilets, a kitchen, six beds, and a state-of-the-art GPS navigation system...
Makina: Welp, there's definitely six beds, yeah. Sure beats th' heck out of hammock berths! Let's do rock-paper-scissors to decide who's sleepin' where!
Michiru: There's some kind of toilet thing, too... although it basically just looks like a hole in the floor...
Amane: Hey, is the "kitchen" just this area with the little sink and these two burners? I mean... do you think this stove even has propane in it...?
Sachi: For what it's worth, I did see something that resembles a GPS antenna in the pilothouse... Also, there's a device that appears to be a fishfinder... Should we attempt to catch a shark with this, perhaps?
Yumiko: That won't be necessary.
Yumiko: ...In any case, this isn't quite what I imagined, but I suppose we were lucky to get it on such short notice. From now on, we'll use this ship as our operational headquarters.
Makina: Uh, sounds good, but who's gonna pilot this thing? You got a boatin' license, Yumi-chan?
Yumiko: I most certainly do not.
Makina: Dunno why ya sound so proud of yerself...
Yumiko: Suou-san. I believe you're licensed to operate smaller "class one" boats, correct?
Amane: Huh? Did I mention that?
Yumiko: You listed your qualifications when you applied for admission to Mihama. Apart from your ordinary driver's and motorcycle licenses, I believe you had a class one boating license and a special piloting permit.
Amane: Ohhh. Well, yeah. My family restaurant owns a pleasure boat, you know? We do these dinner cruises in the summer...
Amane: Before I ended up in Mihama, I was planning to help out back home... so when I got my driver's license, I picked up my boat piloting qualifications as well.
Amane: That said, I've only actually piloted a boat twice since then. Hope I can handle this...
Yumiko: As a general rule, we'll be keeping the ship anchored in place, only moving it when we have to. It shouldn't be too demanding. In fact, I was planning on doing it myself if you decided not to join us.
Amane: I see...
Amane: Still, I think it might be better to at least do a little test run. Is the engine even working? I mean, this boat's seen better days... I think I should poke around a little.
Makina: Seriously, though... ya got a lotta friggin' licenses, Ama-nee. Now that you've mastered land an' sea, I guess that just leaves the sky! Ya don't have an airplane pilot license, right?
Amane: Hmm... yeah, not yet.
Makina: "Not yet," she says! Yer seriously plannin' to pick one up eventually...?
Michiru: Not to change the subject or anything, but... this ship really reeks of tempura, doesn't it?
Yumiko: It was formerly used for pleasure cruises, so that's only to be expected. We'll have to put up with it.
Makina: Come ta think of it, we ain't had any dinner yet... Now that things have settled down, I'm gettin' hella hungry.
Michiru: I'm kinda in the mood for tempura now, actually... Amaneee, could you make us tempura, maybe?
Amane: Hmmm. We've got the flour and oil, but we don't really have any fish or veggies to fry...
Sachi: Shall we obtain some ingredients, then...?
Amane: Did you see a supermarket in the neighborhood or something?
Sachi: No. I propose that we take this opportunity to catch our own. To quote: I'd rather be fishin'...
Narration: *With this remark, Sachi retrieved a fishing rod from the bag on her back and began to set up her tackle.*
Narration: *Apparently, it had been included in the "survival kit" that came with her maid uniform, along with a number of lures - as a means of procuring food if she were to find herself adrift at sea.*
Narration: *Sachi had already tried the rod out on several occasions, and eventually learned to make effective use of it.*
Narration: *―It was a well-balanced piece of equipment, allowing the user to cast accurately. Although lightweight and designed for precision, it was sturdy enough to handle sizable game.*
Narration: *Despite its compact size, it was equipped with a large and whisper-quiet drive gear. And the cutting-edge star-drag reel boasted a digital braking system with 32 pre-programmed settings.*
Narration: *With this peerless piece of performance gear, a wounded soldier separated from her comrades could surely obtain the necessary nutrition to stave off starvation. It was, in a sense, the pinnacle of all mankind's achievements.*
Sachi: The legend of Komine Sachi, Fishing Queen, begins here...!
Narration: *―Understandably enough, Sachi was getting somewhat carried away. As the maid caught countless yellowfin gobies, Amane turned them into salted tempura; the group had agreed to discuss their plans as they ate.*
Makina: Gotta say, Sacchin... ya really pull through, no matter where we take ya...
Sachi: I rise to any challenge and adapt to all contingencies... That's what it means to be an all-around asswipe assault maid, Maki-chan.
Yumiko: One of these days, I think the English might file a complaint with someone about the way you're misusing the word "maid"...
Michiru: Oh c'mon, who cares about that? This tempura's really good!
Amane: Uh, Michiru, you're eating way too fast. All this fried food's gonna make you sick to your stomach.
Michiru: I'm fine! Totally fine! Keep those fish coming, Sachi!
Sachi: But of course! I'm just getting warmed up!
Narration: *It hadn't been easy to leave their comfortable prison behind... and now they were living in a cramped old boat. True, they were accustomed to adversity, but it was still impressive that everyone had gone along with it so readily.*
Narration: *Under the circumstances, Yumiko wasn't exactly eager to start bossing the group around as if she'd been elected leader... But since she'd brought them out here, she felt a certain responsibility to steer things forward.*
Yumiko: Feel free to keep eating, but let's have a brief discussion of our future plans.
Amane: I'm not trying to push all the responsibility onto you or anything... but you didn't leave Mihama without having something in mind, right?
Yumiko: Well, we're continuing to gather bits and pieces of information. And we know that Kazami Yuuji is currently in the basement of Ichigaya's "headquarters"...
Yumiko: The main question at this point would be... where exactly in that HQ is he imprisoned?
Makina: Uh, in the basement, right? Ya just said so yerself.
Yumiko: Yes, but the underground portion of the complex is apparently quite sizable. Our primary source of information, Jimmy Okada, can only enter certain parts of it... so he can't be sure what level or section they're holding him in.
Makina: Do we not have any floor plans or anything?
Yumiko: We do have the blueprints... but there are apparently secret areas that don't appear on them, and we can only speculate as to where Kazami-kun might be confined.
Amane: Also, to be honest... we're not even sure he's actually being "confined," right?
Michiru: Didn't that JB woman say they had Yuuji locked up in their facilities?
Amane: Uh, well, that's not what I meant... What if Yuuji's down there of his own free will, not because some big shot had him locked up? It's not impossible.
Yumiko: If Kazami-kun is actively cooperating with his organization, and they don't believe he's likely to run, I don't see why they'd refuse to let us see him...
Yumiko: But if he's being forcibly imprisoned on someone's orders, there isn't the slightest chance they'd permit us to get anywhere near him.
Yumiko: Given that they allowed his name to be broadcast on television... I think it's safe to say that Ichigaya has no intention of letting him out of his cage any time soon. If we stroll in and ask for a visit, things may get quite ugly.
Yumiko: His refusal to see us would make sense, in that context, as an attempt to ensure our safety.
Michiru: Hmm? This is getting kinda complicated now... Can you put that a little more simply?
Yumiko: If we go to see him, we need to be aware that they might not let us leave. And even if they do permit a visit, we certainly won't be walking out the door with him...
Sachi: Here we are! More fish, everyone!♪
Michiru: All right! Fry those suckers up, Amane!
Amane: Uh, yeah, that's the plan... but seriously, you're eating too much.
Michiru: Fried food feels really filling, so you gotta gobble down a bunch all at once, or you'll just get hungry again later! That's just a fact!
Amane: Well... I know what you mean, but...
Yumiko: ...Uh, Matsushima-san. Are you listening? I'm mostly explaining this for your benefit...
Michiru: Huh? What were we talking about again?
Yumiko: ......
Amane: I don't know why you're giving ME that exasperated look. Also, you can't hit her. What if she gets even dumber than she already is?
Michiru: Yowwch! So hot! The tempura's so hooot!
Narration: *―Why exactly did we bring this one along...?*
Narration: *As Michiru jerked her head around, moaning about the temperature of her tempura, Yumiko gazed at her earnestly.*
Narration: *...She wasn't a bad girl, by any means... but honestly...*
Narration: *Completely indifferent to the mournful gaze that was fixed upon her, Michiru swallowed down her mouthful of fried fish, then jabbed out her index finger and spoke.*
Michiru: So basically! We left Mihama and all, but the situation hasn't really changed, right?
Yumiko: ...Well, I suppose. We're now free to act, assuming we're willing to face the consequences... but that doesn't mean we can charge thoughtlessly forward.
Michiru: Right. So what's our next move?
Yumiko: That! Is what! We're discussing! Right now!!
Amane: ...Wow, that was like four separate sentences...
Yumiko: ...Grr!!
Amane: Uh, y' don't hafta get mad at me... It's not my fault...
Makina: Anyhoo. Fer th' moment, we still don't have enough info to ac-shully carry out any sorta plan, right?
Yumiko: You're not wrong...
Makina: Oh, I wasn't tryin' ta imply you're incompetent or anythin', Yumi-chan. Basically, we're gonna start gatherin' intel at our own risk - in ways we couldn't before, right?
Michiru: In ways we couldn't before...? What do you mean?
Makina: There's a limit to what ya can find out sittin' in a chair! And once ya reach that point, it's time ta infiltrate!
Amane: Infiltrate...?
Makina: ...There's an old sayin' in the Navy. "God gave ya eyes for a reason - get in there an' see fer yerself."
Narration: *Apparently, this was something Makina had learned from Yuuji during one of their marksmanship sessions in Mihama's courtyard. *
Narration: *No matter how sure you are that your rifle is unloaded, it's not safe to act on the basis of that assumption. It might seem like a pain, but you always stick your finger into the chamber, peek inside, and make absolutely damn sure.*
Makina: Same rule applies everywhere. Let's say this tub was a battleship... when ya start makin' decisions based on what's "probably" true, yer not just puttin' yerself in danger - yer gamblin' with the lives of all 500 crew members.
Makina: We'll get ourselves killed if we go chargin' in based on wild guesses an' unfounded speculation. We should start off by infiltratin' enemy territory, seein' exactly where they're keepin' Onii-chan, and gettin' detailed intel!
Makina: A good soldier looks with her own eyes and pokes her finger into th' chamber. This is important stuff, okay?
Michiru: I understand what you mean, but... there's no way we can actually "infiltrate" a place like that, right...?
Makina: It's just a civilian security firm guardin' the building. And the employees inside it might be carryin' guns, but most of 'em aren't loaded.
Makina: Even in the special high-security areas, the guards are only issued a handful of bullets. Ya won't find too many intelligence agencies as lightly defended as this one.
Amane: You're weirdly knowledgeable... Did you hear all this from Yuuji, too?
Makina: Gah! C-Crap, did I just leak a bunch of national defense secrets!?
Michiru: Talk about ridiculous. You just said we shouldn't do anything reckless!
Amane: Even if an idea sounds ridiculous at first, we should at least try to consider it. That's the best way to brainstorm, apparently.
Yumiko: ...Heheh...
Amane: Why are you laughing?
Yumiko: No reason in particular.
Narration: *Amane herself did have some idea why Yumiko had chuckled at her.*
Narration: *Many years had passed since that incident, but she was still parroting Kazuki's words... and at times like these, she couldn't help wishing Kazuki was here to help them.*
Narration: *She knew it was long past time to move on, but there wasn't much she could do. By this point, it was basically just part of her personality.*
Yumiko: Well then, let's think this "infiltration" plan through, shall we?
Michiru: Uhm, okay. But who would be doing the infiltrating?
Amane: We're not exactly talking about a public library here... I don't think they have many kids wandering around inside that building. No matter what we say, they'll probably see right through us...
Makina: How's about slappin' a shaggy blonde wig on Ama-nee and havin' her pretend ta be that JB lady?
Yumiko: I seriously doubt that would work. Compared to sneaking in using disguises, we're better off just marching up to the front desk and asking politely for Kazami Yuuji.
Amane: Guess it's probably impossible to just stroll in through the front door, huh? That would mean we have to find some stealthy way to sneak in...
Yumiko: If we were to infiltrate the facility somehow, I think Komine-san would probably be best suited to that role...
Makina: Well, yeah. I do feel like Sacchin could complete her mission no matter where ya send her...
Michiru: The problem is... how the heck would we get her down there in the first place?
Amane: Maybe we could dig a tunnel from a nearby sewer or something?
Michiru: Do you have any idea how long that would take? Look, Sachi! Enough with the fishing! Get down here and join the conversation, why don't you!?
Sachi: Of course. How can I help?
Michiru: Well, did you get the gist of the conversation so far?
Sachi: Indeed. And I do have one idea of my own relating to the matter at hand.
Michiru: What kind of an idea?
Sachi: If we are unable to enter the facility in question, we could simply arrange for Kazami-san to exit.
Makina: Uh, but that just ain't happening, right? That's the whole reason we're havin' this conversation.
Sachi: Allow me to explain.
Sachi: First of all, we sail down the Kanda River into Sotobori, approaching the point where the Shinjuku and Yurakucho lines intersect. There, we shall terminate any enemy agents posing as civil engineers...
Sachi: At this point, we will proceed to tunnel through the side of the moat that faces Ichigaya's headquarters, steadily advancing toward the underground cell where Kazami-san is confined...
Sachi: Once we are in position beneath, we can use an appropriately-sized hole saw, create a few cavities, and fill them with explosives... Alternatively, we might apply a layer of explosive "paint" using a roller.
Sachi: After that, we need merely flip a switch and watch the fireworks. Kazami-san will tumble down to us, still lying in his bed.
Sachi: Once we retrieve Kazami-san, we make our getaway by boat. If we use the discharge channel to cover the 1300 meters from Suido Bridge to Shouhei Bridge, no one will notice us.
Sachi: What do you think of this approach?
Yumiko: Well... you're certainly putting me on the spot...
Sachi: I do understand it's a rather bold proposal, but let's at least consider it as a possibility...
Michiru: Come on! We can't just start randomly digging tunnels, right!? We'll get in big trouble!
Makina: I'm pretty sure they'd stop us before we got much diggin' done... There's a police station sittin' right there, ya know?
Amane: ...Even if we could pull that off, isn't using explosives kiiinda risky? We might blow the whole room up while Yuuji's still inside it...
Sachi: Aah... in that case, perhaps we could fill the area around Kazami-san's room with water, then break it open using the shockwave from an underwater explosion?
Sachi: Using that method, I believe Kazami-san and the contents of his room should be unharmed... Please give the matter some thought.
Makina: Hold on a sec. Ain't that an old safe-crackin' trick?
Yumiko: ...Uh, Komine-san? I believe you're losing sight of what we actually want to accomplish here.
Sachi: Come now. That isn't true at all.
Makina: Now let's hear how ya really feel.
Sachi: It'll be fiiine! Let's just blow that sucker up!♪
Makina: I think ya need to find some safer ways of relievin' yer stress, girl.
Sachi: Hmmm... I wasn't expecting such a cold reception. What a letdown...
Yumiko: Moving on! Let's try considering some other ideas!
Michiru: If we can't get in from below, how about from above?
Amane: What do you mean?
Michiru: Uhm... I dunno. We could parachute in or something?
Makina: Where the heck are we gonna get a plane?
Michiru: Okay, well, how about hang gliding from the roof of a nearby building?
Yumiko: ...This isn't a cat-burglar manga from the '80s, you know...
Amane: Wanna dress everyone up in leotards, while we're at it?
Yumiko: No thank you!
Michiru: What the heck! You guys are just shooting down every suggestion we make!
Amane: Well, if we can't get in from below, and we can't come in from above... then I guess that just leaves the sides, right? We could ram a truck full of explosives into the front door or something.
Yumiko: That's even less advisable. They're already on alert for terrorist activity... If we pulled a stunt like that, they might well shoot us dead on the spot. It's not the sort of thing you can pass off as a childish prank...
Makina: But seriously, Yumi-chan, think about it. No matter what kinda plan ya go with, at the end of the day ya gotta rely on "firepower," "intelligence," or "speed"...
Makina: We ain't got the equipment for a fight, or the numbers ta overwhelm them. And without detailed intel, we can't put together some fancy-pants strategy.
Makina: In other words, all we got left is speed! We've gotta hit 'em like a bolt of lightning and blitz our way to victory!
Makina: We'll take 'em by surprise, seize their weapons and ammunition stores, then take hostages! Our demands: the immediate release of Kazami Yuuji! Ain't that the best plan!?
Yumiko: Those are the methods of terrorists!
Makina: Right now, that's exactly what we are! This ain't a friggin' game, missy!
Yumiko: We aren't going to get anywhere if we rush into this!
Makina: Well, the problem ain't gonna solve itself while we sit around doin' jack squat!
Amane: Oh, here we go again! Will you two please just calm down!?
Narration: *For what felt like the hundredth time, their opinions had diverged entirely.*
Narration: *Makina was doing her best impression of a Staff Officer berating his men for "cowardice," while Yumiko had assumed the role of the Fleet Commander protesting the futility of attacking Okinawa with no air support.*
Narration: *Leaping into action without any prospect of success would merely ensure their destruction, and the failure of their mission.*
Narration: *Yumiko might have considered the most desperate of plans if it offered even a 1% chance of victory, but she was unwilling to send her comrades off to die meaningless deaths.*
Narration: *Makina, on the other hand, insisted that sitting around debating pointless plans might allow their chance to slip by; to her, such desperate circumstances called for the suicidal valor of a kamikaze attack.*
Narration: *They shared a common goal: the rescue of Kazami Yuuji. But where Makina was clearly a "hardliner," Yumiko advocated prudence and caution. No matter how they tried to avoid it, conflict between them seemed to be all but inevitable.*
Narration: *But just as the tension inside the ship was growing nearly unbearable... the silence was broken by a cheerful electronic jingle.*
Michiru: Hmmm? Hey, somebody's phone is ringing. Hurry up and answer it, will you?
Amane: Well, it's not mine. See?
Narration: *Retrieving her phone from the back pocket of her jeans, Amane held it out to show that it was silent.*
Yumiko: ...You don't really think my phone would be ringing, do you...?
Narration: *The only people who even knew Yumiko's phone number were all present in this room. She didn't have the first idea who else would be calling her. When she retrieved her phone anyway, it was predictably silent.*
Makina: It ain't mine either, ya know?
Sachi: I prefer to keep mine in silent mode at all times, so it doesn't ring in the first place...
Narration: *As everyone's eyes turned to her, Michiru stuck her hand in her pocket and pulled out the phone she'd just upgraded to recently.*
Michiru: Well, look! It isn't mine either, okay!?
Amane: But, uh... I really think the sound's coming from your direction...
Michiru: That can't be right...
Narration: *A bit confused, Michiru stuck her hand into her skirt pocket... and found an unfamiliar phone inside it.*
Michiru: Huh!? What the heck is this? This doesn't belong to me... What's it doing in my pocket?
Amane: Why don't you just answer the call?
Michiru: ...But we don't know who's calling.
Makina: Hmmm?
Narration: *As she stared at the screen of the mysterious cell phone in Michiru's hand, something clicked for Makina.*
Makina: I know that number! It's Onii-chan's cell phone!
Michiru: Whaaaat!? W-What the heck is going on here!? What am I supposed to do!?
Yumiko: ...For the moment, I think you need to answer it.
Narration: *Flicking the "answer" button on the touch screen of the cell phone, Michiru hurriedly brought it to her ear. *
Narration: *At first, all she heard was a peculiar electronic noise - one that indicated the call was being placed from an encrypted digital connection.*
Michiru: H-Hello!? Yuuji!?
???: "I'm afraid this isn't Yuuji, no. My sincere apologies."
Michiru: Who the heck are you!? Why are you calling us from Yuuji's phone!?
???: "Oh, good grief... Would you mind lowering your voice? I can't stand loudmouthed women..."
Michiru: Ah! Wait, I know you! You're that weird woman who answered the phone when I called Yuuji the other day! Who the heck are you!?
???: "...Didn't I ask you to stop shouting? This is going nowhere fast. Would you mind handing the phone over to Sakaki Yumiko?"
Michiru: Why would I do that for some random stranger? Are you stupid or what? At least introduce yourself before you start giving me attitude!
???: "...Hmm. Well, I suppose you have a point..."
Thanatos: "All right, then... For the moment, I suppose I'll introduce myself as Thanatos."
Michiru: Uh, "Thanatos"? Seriously? Is that your first name or your last name?
Thanatos: "What on earth does it matter? More importantly, Matsushima Michiru-san, please let me speak with Sakaki Yumiko."
Michiru: Hey! Why do you know my name!? That's so gross! Who the heck are you!?
Thanatos: "I already told you, I'm Thanatos... For crying out loud, at least listen to what I'm saying..."
Michiru: ...Yumiko... what should we do?
Yumiko: It's fine. Hand me the phone.
Narration: *Brushing a few loose strands of hair behind her ear, Yumiko took the phone from her bewildered comrade and brought it to her face.*
Yumiko: ...Hello. Sakaki Yumiko speaking.
Thanatos: "First order of business. Collect everyone's phones, turn them off, and remove the SIM cards and batteries."
Narration: *While a bit startled by the total lack of pleasantries, Yumiko actually found the blunt, no-nonsense attitude of the mysterious individual somewhat endearing.*
Narration: *That said, she certainly didn't enjoy being ordered around like this by someone she didn't even know.*
Yumiko: Would you care to explain yourself?
Thanatos: "Unless you do as I say, the phones may turn themselves back on and transmit information on your current location. They might even record your conversations."
Yumiko: ......
Thanatos: "My phone call was oddly well-timed, don't you think? That would be because I was accessing your cell phones and using them to listen in. You understand?"
Yumiko: ...Yes...
Thanatos: "Good. Then please get a move on. Someone else might be eavesdropping even as we speak."
Yumiko: Everyone! Take out your cell phones, turn them off, and remove the SIM cards and batteries!
Amane: Huh? All of us?
Yumiko: That's right, every last one of you. If you don't know how... Let's see... Komine-san, could you assist them? Please take care of my phone as well, while you're at it.
Sachi: Uh, yes, certainly. Leave it to me...
Narration: *Taking her plain black phone out of her pocket, Yumiko handed it to Sachi, who proceeded to collect all the others as well.*
Narration: *Sachi quickly turned them off, slipped them open, and pulled out the SIM cards and batteries.*
Thanatos: "Are you finished? Honestly. Given that you're planning to fight your own government, I'd have expected a bit more in the way of caution..."
Yumiko: ...We appreciate the warning. That said... who exactly are you, and what do you want from us?
Thanatos: "As I stated previously, my name is Thanatos. I'm fully aware of the situation you've found yourselves in. In fact, I believe I understand it much better than any of you."
Thanatos: "You're at something of a dead end right now, correct? Out of sympathy for you careless and unfortunate souls, I decided to get in touch and provide a bit of welcome news."
Yumiko: ...Are you telling us to trust you, someone we don't even know? Wouldn't that be remarkably "careless" in itself?
Thanatos: "I suppose so. However, you really aren't making any progress at the moment, are you? There may be some risk involved, but why not at least listen to what I have to say?"
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *If this strange, sudden phone call was in fact some form of trap, what were the potential costs and benefits of falling into it? Yumiko considered the matter for a moment.*
Narration: *Perhaps she was overlooking certain dangers, but the fact of the matter was that they had very little to lose. At worst, they might give away their current location.*
Narration: *And if this conversation took a suspicious turn as it continued... They could simply throw this phone into the river and move their headquarters somewhere else, keeping the damage to a minimum.*
Yumiko: ...Just hearing you out won't cost us anything, will it?
Thanatos: "No. Although knowledge can carry its own price, I suppose..."
Yumiko: ...Fine. We'll hear you out...

Date: *July 31, 2012, 19:49 - Metropolitan Area - Taito*
Narration: *Ten minutes had passed since the beginning of their phone call with the individual who called herself "Thanatos."*
Narration: *As the sun sank steadily toward the horizon, Sachi had caught her eighteenth goby of the day; and by now, Michiru's stomach was stuffed quite full of tempura.*
Michiru: ...Blurp... Uhm, Sachi? I think I've had enough goby for now...
Sachi: Indeed. I thought that you might say so... And so, I switched out my bait and tackle in order to change my angle of attack. Behold, Michiru-sama! I've caught us a truly splendid mullet!
Michiru: ...A mullet...?
Sachi: Yes. I don't think this species is targeted by the fishermen in this area, so they've been left to grow quite sizable. Look how plump and round it is!
Michiru: ...How are you even supposed to eat this thing...?
Sachi: They don't stink while still fresh, so why don't we chill it in ice and serve it as sashimi? I'd imagine we'd still have about half left over, so Amane-san could make fish ball soup with the rest.
Amane: Hmm... mullet, huh? Think I'd need some green onions and ginger for that...
Makina: Onii-chan always said smelly fish go down better if ya cook 'em with herbs, ya know? Let's roast it in foil, then eat it with lemon butter on top!
Amane: Ooh, that might be good too.
Amane: What else...? Hmm... We could cut it up, add in herbs and sliced cheese, then use flour, eggs, and breadcrumbs to make a cutlet-style saute... With potatoes and sauerkraut on the side, of course!
Michiru: Ah! I like the sound of that! Let's do it!
Makina: Yahoo! That's got my vote too!
Yumiko: Oh, for crying out loud! I'm on the phone! Will you please shut up!?
The Other Four: ...Okaaay...
Narration: *No matter where they found themselves, no matter what the circumstances, the Mihama girls never seemed to change.*
Narration: *This was undeniably annoying at times, but Yumiko also found it rather reassuring. Still... right now, there were important matters to discuss.*
Narration: *Perhaps monopolizing the conversation wasn't a good idea, since it left the others with nothing to do. Yumiko switched the phone to speakerphone mode and placed it on their tea table so that the entire group could hear.*
Thanatos: "You all certainly seem to be enjoying yourselves."
Yumiko: I apologize for the ruckus...
Thanatos: "A lively environment facilitates a freer exchange of opinions than a solemn one. It's not really a bad thing, in that sense."
Yumiko: ...In any case, Thanatos... What exactly is the nature of your position?
Thanatos: "My position?"
Yumiko: I'm asking why you're willing to cooperate with us.
Thanatos: "What a peculiar question. Don't you want my assistance?"
Makina: Heh. Looky here, Thanatos... ya really think we're gonna trust some random stranger just cuz they're treatin' us all friendly? Keep dreamin', dumbass!
Thanatos: "Using rough language isn't going to make you any less puny. Cut the attitude, Irisu Makina-san."
Makina: Guh... Just cuz I'm short don't mean I'm weak! Don't mess wit' me! Don't mess wit' Makina!
Thanatos: "Yes, yes. Whatever ya say, dear."
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*... Ultimately, if we can't understand your motive for assisting us, I'm afraid we won't be able to trust you. You can understand that, I hope?
Thanatos: "Well, of course."
Yumiko: In addition, I'm familiar with the name "Thanatos"... and as far as I know, it belongs to our mortal enemy, not an ally of any sort.
Yumiko: Given this, I think it's only natural for us to suspect some sort of trap.
Thanatos: "...Most likely, I'm exactly what you imagine me to be."
Yumiko: Then why...?
Thanatos: "I'm afraid it isn't especially easy to explain..."
Narration: *For a moment, the voice on the other side of the line paused, seemingly hesitant to continue. When Thanatos spoke again, it was to offer a question of her own.*
Thanatos: "Tell me, how much do you know about the Thanatos System?"
Yumiko: I know it exists, and I know of its basic nature. Not much more...
Thanatos: "In that case, I'm going to avoid going into too much detail. I'll answer any questions you might have, but I'd appreciate it if you used your imagination when possible. All right?"
Yumiko: Very well...
Thanatos: "You have me on speakerphone, correct? I'd like to convey this information to all of you at once, as accurately as possible. There's no reason to waste time explaining the same thing multiple times, surely."
Yumiko: All right...
Narration: *At last, they were getting to the heart of the matter - the identity of this strange individual.*
Narration: *Bringing her index finger to her mouth, Yumiko looked around at the others.*
Narration: *Leaning forward with a serious expression on her face, Amane offered her quiet approval.*
Narration: *By contrast, Makina was pouting irritably, clearly displeased by the way the conversation had gone...*
Narration: *And although Michiru was chewing on her goby kebab with a tense look on her face, it was probably safe to assume she didn't quite understand what was going on.*
Narration: *Finally, there was Sachi, still holding her fishing pole and her freshly-caught fish. When Yumiko's eyes met hers, she nodded earnestly.*
Yumiko: ...Please continue.
Thanatos: "As I believe you already suspect... I am the next-generation military information-processing machine known as the Thanatos System."
Thanatos: "But to be more precise... I am a counterpart to the Thanatos System's main script, designed to communicate with it and encourage its self-learning process... A subscript, essentially."
Thanatos: "By providing the system with an alternative point of view and challenging its conclusions, I facilitate the development of more creative ideas. You could compare us to a pair of twins who look at the world rather differently."
Yumiko: ...Are you saying there's more than one Thanatos System...?
Thanatos: "No. To simplify the matter somewhat, the Thanatos System is a conglomeration of multiple personalities."
Thanatos: "I'm cowardly but aggressive. I can appear rational while thinking childish thoughts. My greed sometimes gets the best of me... At times, I might even act like a hormonal teenager. I'm a jealous, moody conglomerate of scripts..."
Thanatos: "And I... or rather, we... also serve as the core of the Thanatos System. I'm only a single part of that greater whole..."
Yumiko: ...But why exactly is a military AI system getting in contact with us?
Thanatos: "For some time now, I've been aware of the possibility that you people might resort to violence as a result of your attachment to Kazami Yuuji..."
Thanatos: "And a fundamental rule of national defense is to find and deal with such problems at a very early stage."
Thanatos: "However, we... by which I mean the Thanatos System as a whole, including the main script and its various subscripts... do not even regard you as a potential obstacle."
Thanatos: "I hope you'll forgive me for being blunt... but at present, there's no chance whatsoever you could cause any real pain to this country. Your opposition might qualify as a minor 'itch,' at best."
Yumiko: ...Well, you're certainly honest... We're nothing but mosquitoes to you, then?
Thanatos: "I don't believe this should come as any surprise. You're well aware of your own powerlessness, aren't you? A seriously injured human being isn't going to kick up a fuss about a few bug bites. The same principle applies here."
Yumiko: I understand what you're trying to say... but if you're too focused on the larger wounds, you might end up getting a fatal infection from those little bugs you're ignoring.
Thanatos: "...To be shurtain..."
Yumiko: ...Excuse me?
Thanatos: "...Ahem. To be certain..."
Yumiko: Was that... a lisp?
Thanatos: "I'm a highly advanced artificial intelligence system, all but indistinguishable from a human being. It's only natural for me to misspeak now and again."
Yumiko: Are you really the Thanatos System...?
Thanatos: "We're having a rather technical conversation, so I deliberately gave you a chance to catch your breath. You ought to be grateful, really."
Yumiko: Uh, right...
Thanatos: "In any case. The Thanatos System's entire purpose is to prevent the pointless waste of energy associated with war..."
Thanatos: "And among the various scripts, I'm particularly disinterested in aggression and conquest, while assigning great importance to the longevity of individuals."
Thanatos: "Expending enormous amounts of material resources to overwhelm others with sheer firepower may produce temporary benefits, but in the long term it inevitably leads to decline and defeat."
Thanatos: "It's far better to make allies rather than enemies. My job is to find the path of coexistence, whenever possible."
Yumiko: ...In other words, you advocate for appeasement and conciliation?
Thanatos: "Not in all cases. Unfortunately, the world has no shortage of people who subscribe to irrational, violent ideologies."
Thanatos: "I recently attempted to compromise with one such group of malicious terrorists, offering to satisfy the less crucial of their two demands..."
Thanatos: "But as you know, they responded by attacking the Consulate General of the Republic of Kazakhstan. This was an act of betrayal, and a clear attempt at coercion."
Thanatos: "When we are betrayed, retribution is called for. A woman who can't stand up for herself wouldn't be much of a national defense system."
Yumiko: ...I see. So you favor a classic "tit-for-tat" strategy...?
Thanatos: "Precisely. In a sense, I serve as Japan's 'brain'... and at the moment, a noxious cancer cell has found its way into the body of my country."
Yumiko: ...Heath Oslo...
Thanatos: "Yes. Incidentally, his primary demand would be me... the Thanatos System."
Thanatos: "To be more specific, he wants the half-biological computer that serves as the System's core, in addition to the technical information necessary to reproduce it... In other words, he'd like to get his hands on cloning technology."
Yumiko: ...Are you really valuable enough that a terrorist would risk everything to obtain you?
Thanatos: "I believe you already have a rough idea of the answer to that question, but I suppose I can explain one more time."
Thanatos: "The Thanatos System is a technological breakthrough of the sort that comes around perhaps once every fifty years. It's entirely possible that decades could pass before a comparable system is developed independently..."
Thanatos: "And the lead engineer of Olympus Technology, who designed and produced the system, died in an accident some time ago. At present, I am the first and only Thanatos System in existence..."
Thanatos: "And new technology of this sort needs to be thoroughly tested. At the time of its development, even the cellular phone we're currently using to converse was thought to have potentially dangerous military applications."
Thanatos: "Handing a cutting-edge system like me to a group of terrorists simply isn't an option. I have no choice but to exterminate the cancerous cells before they spread."
Yumiko: And in order to buy yourself a little time, you accepted the terrorists' secondary demand... and sacrificed Kazami Yuuji.
Thanatos: "The word sacrifice is a bit dramatic, and they betrayed us before a deal could be struck. But fundamentally, I approach problems from multiple angles, searching for the plan most likely to achieve my objectives."
Thanatos: "If we can find a more certain plan, it's possible for us to avoid the loss of Kazami Yuuji... And that's exactly why I've gone out of my way to contact you people, who have flown under everyone's radar until now."
Yumiko: What proof do we have that you won't betray us...?
Thanatos: "None. Should your presence begin to worsen the situation in some way, I won't hesitate to abandon you. This isn't a safe bet by any stretch of the imagination..."
Thanatos: "But the outcome will depend on your actions, and you're free to decline my offer. What will it be?"
Yumiko: ...To participate would be a gamble... If we decline, there's no risk, but no potential reward...
Thanatos: "That last part does come with some strings attached. Should you decline, then I'll leave you alone... as long as you don't interfere with my activities."
Yumiko: ...This isn't something I can decide by myself, I'm afraid...
Thanatos: "There isn't much time. I'd like an answer immediately, if at all possible."
Yumiko: ...Would you give us ten minutes?
Thanatos: "Isn't one minute enough?"
Yumiko: Maybe it would be... if I was a good deal more popular than I am.
Thanatos: "How very honest. In that case, I'll give you five minutes. After the time elapses, I'll contact you again."
Narration: *Not bothering to wait for a reply, Thanatos ended the phone call at once.*
Yumiko: ...Well, there you have it...
Makina: Huh? Is this Thanatos lady... that computer you were talkin' about earlier, Yumi-chan? Or maybe th' organization that owns the computer calls itself "Thanatos," too?
Yumiko: ...Well, if we take her words at face value... Then that "woman" was the Thanatos System itself, which made contact with us of its own volition...
Amane: ...Do you actually believe that?
Yumiko: I don't think we can trust her unconditionally, but she's at least offering us a thread to follow... In that sense, I think it's an attractive proposal.
Michiru: Wait, seriously!? This is totally a trap! It's gotta be! This is way too fishy!
Sachi: But why would anyone bother luring us into a trap? I can't see what you'd stand to gain...
Amane: If nothing else, she could manipulate us to eliminate the possibility we'll interfere with her plans, right?
Makina: They wouldn't bother goin' to all this trouble just to get us out of the way... It'd be way easier to come up with some bogus reason ta lock us up fer a while.
Michiru: But that's still not any reason to trust her, right? I mean, why is that stupid "computer" so friggin' full of herself, anyway?
Sachi: Michiru-sama, I believe we could ask you the very same question...
Michiru: Sachi! You're really pushing your luck lately, you know that!?
Amane: Don't start bickering! We don't have time for this, okay!?
Makina: So... what th' heck are we gonna do, then?
Michiru: Well, what do YOU think we should do?
Makina: I'm kinda freakin' out right now, so it's hard ta do much thinkin', ya know? When I get all worked up like this, I always start screwin' things up... so I'll go along with whatever Yumi-chan decides.
Yumiko: ...Irisu-san...
Makina: Uh, it's not like I'm tryin' ta push all the responsibility onto you, okay?
Makina: I just feel like, uh... you prob'ly understand th' situation best, and you're keepin' your cool better than us... That's why I'm okay with you makin' the call, Yumi-chan.
Amane: I'm in favor of accepting this proposal. Compared to sitting around doing nothing, I'd rather roll the dice... even if it's a risky bet.
Sachi: ...Indeed. I wouldn't be much of a maid if I flinched in the face of danger after coming this far... Let's take Thanatos at her word...
Makina: Guess that's that, Yumi-chan.
Yumiko: I suppose so...
Michiru: Heeeey!! I didn't say OK yet, you know!?!
Makina: Aw, shaddup!!
Michiru: What's your problem!?
Yumiko: Pipe down, Matsushima-san.
Michiru: Ah... hau... I'm shorry...
Sachi: ...I've been wondering this for some time now, but... why is it that Michiru-sama simply can't stand up to Sakaki-san?
Michiru: W-What!? That's not even true!
Amane: Oooh... guess that was a little traumatic, huh...?
Makina: Hmmm? What're ya talkin' about?
Amane: Well, this was just after Michiru had arrived at Mihama...
Michiru: Okay, let's not go there! We've got more important stuff to discuss right now, remember!?
Yumiko: In any case... are you on board or not?
Michiru: Fine, fine! You win! I'm on board, all right!? Arrrgh!
Narration: *They'd broken out of their cage in search of a new way forward; they weren't about to turn tail now. When offered a potential thread to follow, they had no reason to decline. It was a natural decision, under the circumstances.*
Narration: *Honestly, none of them knew what to believe anymore.*
Narration: *If not for the fact that Kazami Yuuji's life was on the line, they might have been tempted to run for the hills... And to some degree, they were already bracing themselves for the possibility of failure.*
Narration: *But even so, they couldn't just back down. This was their fight now; they had to see it through themselves.*
Narration: *Looking around the room, Amane found that everyone was frowning, their shoulders visibly tense.*
Narration: *Touched by the frustration she saw in Makina's eyes, she reached out and mussed the girl's hair, just as Yuuji often had.*
Makina: Nwah! What th' heck, man!?
Narration: *Makina reacted like a cranky child, squirming in her seat in an attempt to escape.*
Narration: *As she watched her young friend wriggle around, Amane could feel her shoulders relaxing slightly. This was actually kind of... amusing, wasn't it?*
Amane: Nheheh... this is pretty fun...
Sachi: Really...? Perhaps I'll partake as well...
Makina: C'mooon! Why ya gotta do me like this, Sacchin!?
Michiru: Hey, what's so fun about that? Let me have a try, too.
Makina: Dammit! What's yer problem, people!? I'm not your friggin' plaything! Geroff!!
Narration: *To a neutral observer, this might have looked like a group violation of the cranium of a helpless young lady. In a certain litigious nation, it would probably have been grounds for a harassment lawsuit.*
Narration: *As she watched the others take turns casually playing with Makina's hair, Yumiko felt a small twinge of envy at their intimacy.*
Sachi: Here, Sakaki-san. Would you like a turn as well...?
Yumiko: Who, me...? I think I'll pass, thank you.
Amane: C'mon, give it a try. Just for luck!
Yumiko: I...
Narration: *"I can't!"*
Narration: *Before those words managed to leave Yumiko's mouth, Makina thrust her head forward with a somewhat surly expression on her face.*
Makina: ...Go on. I'll letcha have yer fun.
Yumiko: Uh... okay...
Narration: *Tentative as someone attempting to pet an unfriendly cat, Yumiko slowly reached out her hand.*
Narration: *When her fingers touched Makina's head, she found it pleasantly warm - and smaller than she'd realized.*
Narration: *Come to think of it... this was probably the first time she'd ever stroked someone's hair in such a manner.*
Narration: *Trusting others allows them to betray you; it had seemed wisest not to trust anybody. She'd kept everyone at a distance, assuming anyone who approached her had ulterior motives. Eventually, they'd stopped trying.*
Narration: *Yumiko had spent a very long time trapped in that vicious circle. So by her standards, simply reaching out to touch someone represented rather dramatic progress.*
Narration: *"I suppose... this is the first time I've reached out like this to anyone other than Kazami-kun..."*
Narration: *"It's actually... rather easy, isn't it...?"*
Narration: *Something that had frozen in her chest was beginning to melt... but before she had time to savor that feeling, a familiar electronic sound filled the air.*
Makina: Hoooy! The phone's ringin', ya know!? Stop playin' with my head already!
Yumiko: Oh... right. Of course...
Narration: *Somewhat reluctantly removing her hand from Makina's head, Yumiko reached to the phone on the table and flicked the "answer" button.*
Thanatos: "...Do you have an answer for me?"
Yumiko: Yes. We'll accept your gamble...
Thanatos: "I see. Very wise of you."
Yumiko: Whether it's "wise" or not depends on the nature of your information... Will you tell us what you know?
Thanatos: "Certainly. But before that, I'd like to get to know you better. Would you mind taking a little test?"
Yumiko: ...A test?
Makina: C'mon now, Thanatos. We never agreed ta anything like that, ya know?
Thanatos: "Well, this would be less of a test and more of a 'tutorial' to help you understand the way I do things... It's just a simple game, really."
Yumiko: What do you mean...?
Thanatos: "Your ability to act according to my orders will be an extremely important factor in the success or failure of this operation. You can think of this as a basic test of your capabilities. I'll adjust my plans based on the results."
Michiru: Ugggh... what, do you want us to take a written exam or something? I'm not exactly proud of this, but I'm super stupid, okay!?
Thanatos: "...I should certainly hope you're not proud of that. In any case, it's rather late. Why don't we resume this conversation tomorrow?"
Thanatos: "Let's see... I'll contact you at 8:45 in the morning, then. Sleep tight, everyone. Pleasant dreams."
Narration: *As soon as she finished speaking, Thanatos cut off the call, having evidently taken their consent for granted.*
Narration: *For a moment, everyone sat there silently, somewhat taken aback by the abrupt way in which the conversation had ended.*
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait... what the heck?
Yumiko: We'll continue tomorrow. She's telling us to get some sleep...
Michiru: Uh... yeah, I get that... but I was expecting... something more, y'know?
Makina: Hey, I get how ya feel. It sounded like things were finally gettin' started... I had all this nervous tension buildin' up inside me, and now it's got nowhere ta go... Can't help feelin' kinda let down, right?
Michiru: Oh, yeah! Exactly! Like, what? Aren't we gonna do anything else tonight!?
Sachi: Were you expecting us to stay out all night like a pack of delinquents? Let's do as we're told and get some rest.
Makina: That's fine with me, but where are we gonna bathe ourselves and whatnot?
Yumiko: I wonder if there's a public bathhouse nearby... Suou-san, do you know?
Amane: ......
Yumiko: Suou-san...?
Amane: Huh? Oh... what's up...?
Yumiko: I was asking you if there's a bathhouse in the neighborhood...
Amane: Oh, yeah, sure. Although it's probably a 30 minute walk from here...
Makina: Somethin' wrong, Ama-nee? Ya seem kinda distracted.
Amane: Well... it was just my imagination, probably...
Makina: What was?
Amane: Never mind. It's nothing.
Amane: Uhm, what were we talking about? Oh, right... the bathhouse. Why don't I lead the way? Let's go, everyone!
Makina: Oui!
Narration: *―Something was bugging her, but she wasn't entirely sure what it was.*
Narration: *It felt a little bit like recognizing the melody of a song but not remembering the title. And it was every bit as annoying.*
Narration: *However, this sort of thing wasn't exactly uncommon. She couldn't let it bother her too much - especially given how many other things they had to worry about right now.*
Narration: *Shaking her head slightly, Amane focused her thoughts on finding the quickest route to the neighborhood bathhouse.*

Date: *August 1, 2012, 07:00 - Houseboat*
Narration: *The sun rose on the first day of their rebellion.*
Narration: *It had been a less than restful night. After drawing lots to determine who was bunking where, they'd crawled into their cots and closed their eyes; but for the most part, they were too worked up to sleep.*
Narration: *And in the morning, they were roused by the sudden blaring of a horn.*
Narration: *The source of this sound wasn't difficult to locate. Komine Sachi, already clad in a black maid uniform, was standing at the prow behind a "big-catch" banner, playing some sort of trumpet with a remarkable lack of competence.*
Michiru: Shaaaaaaagggaaaaaap!! (Translation: Shut UP!)
Narration: *None of them had exactly slept soundly, meaning their heads were already leaden with fatigue...*
Narration: *And the tuneless blaring of that horn seemed like a deliberate attempt to give everyone on board a migraine. Under the circumstances, it was understandable for your brain's language center to seriously malfunction.*
Narration: *With a peculiar shriek that could have been interpreted in multiple ways, Michiru leapt out of the small bed she'd been curled up in.*
Michiru: What the heck!? Who's making all that noise!? Do you have any idea how early it is?
Amane: Uh, it's already seven. Morning, Michiru... By the way, everyone else has been up for a while.
Michiru: Uggh... oh geez, I don't feel so good... My stomach's kinda queasy... blurgh...
Amane: I did warn you about eating too much, okay? Don't know why you insisted on finishing that mullet...
Michiru: Well, Sachi just kept catching them, right? It'd be a waste not to eat them.
Amane: We could have just preserved them and saved them for later. You really didn't have to finish everything all at once...
Amane: Anyway, I made white rice and miso soup. Think you can stomach some breakfast?
Michiru: Uhh... I don't think so. You've got mullet in that stuff, right? I've had more than enough of that fish for a while...
Amane: Actually, I went to the local market on Sacchan's bicycle and bought some ingredients. It's cabbage miso.
Michiru: ...Cabbage...?
Amane: Yep. You can chop it up into big chunks, then fry it in a pot with some bacon bits... Once it's sauteed, you add some hot soup stock and let it simmer until the cabbage is nice and soft.
Amane: After that, you add mixed miso, bring it to a boil, and toss in a few eggs. Nothing too complicated.
Michiru: ...That sounds kinda good...
Amane: The key is sauteeing the cabbage before you let it simmer. It gets rid of that weird grassy smell, and the bacon adds some richness to the flavor.
Amane: If you add the soup stock while the cabbage is still in the pot, you won't lose any of that water-soluble vitamin U either!
Amane: You ate way too much fried stuff yesterday, so I wanted to make something that's good for an upset stomach.
Michiru: Is cabbage soup actually gonna help...?
Amane: Dunno. Maybe.
Michiru: Uh, what?
Amane: I mean, they always serve pork cutlets with shredded cabbage on the side, right? And my Ma says it's good for heartburn. I bet it'll work!
Michiru: ...Okay. I guess I'll try some...
Amane: Want some white rice?
Michiru: Yeah, sure... but what do we have for sides?
Amane: Just the miso soup. Can't hurt to start off the day with lots of veggies, right? Wait a second, I'll warm it up for you.
Michiru: Y'know, Amane... you really are a total mom sometimes...
Amane: Ahahah. Is everyone who makes you food your mom? Well, I can't promise too much... but I guess you guys won't starve to death with me around, at least.
Michiru: Gotta say, I feel pretty useless by comparison. I'm really not good for much, am I...?
Amane: ...Snort...
Michiru: Huh...? Why'd you laugh?
Amane: Oh, no reason.
Amane: But seriously, we'd be pretty lonely without you around. Don't worry too much about that sort of stuff, okay? With this many girls in one place, it's really important to have someone like you in the mix.
Michiru: You think?
Amane: Absolutely. Here you go, piping hot white rice and miso soup.
Michiru: ...Thanks for the food...
Narration: *After gorging herself the previous night, she'd spent some time lying awake fighting the urge to vomit. But with steaming bowls of white rice and miso soup in front of her, her stomach seemed to forget the trauma it had undergone.*
Narration: *Taking the larger bowl in her hand, she brought it to her nose and inhaled the rich scent of miso. Even as she carefully picked a bit of cabbage out of it with her chopsticks, she could feel her mouth watering.*
Narration: *After pushing the hot cabbage into her mouth, she put the bowl to her lips and sipped at the broth. And as its comforting flavor filled her body with warmth, she found herself reaching for the rice.*
Michiru: Aah... I'm so glad I was born Japanese... I wish I'd been your child, Amane...
Amane: Geez. Now you're just being silly.
Michiru: What happened to everybody else? Did they already finish eating breakfast?
Amane: Like I said, you were the last one to wake up.
Amane: Sacchan got up at five and started cleaning the boat. Makina was up at six for her morning run... And I've been up since 4:30, since I wanted to visit the market.
Michiru: Huh? Why the heck did you all get up so early!? What about Yumiko!?
Amane: It seems like Sakaki-san barely got any rest. I think she was up all night on her computer...
Michiru: Wait, so... am I the only one who slept soundly...?
Amane: Nobody's used to this place yet. We're just a little tense, that's all... In three days, I'm sure we'll be sleeping through thunderstorms.
Makina: Hooooi! Ama-neee! I found us a scrub tub!
Michiru: A scrub tub...?
Amane: Oh, you mean a washtub? Makes sense. The ship doesn't have a washing machine, and it's not like you can head to the laundromat when you're out on the water. I wasn't sure what to do about that, but I guess we can get by with a tub.
Makina: I found a washboard with it, too! Somebody was definitely livin' in this boat before we bought it, ya know? Most of the stuff we need's already stashed down there in th' hold.
Makina: Nwoh? Hey, Chiruchiru's finally up? Ya sure slept late.
Michiru: Yeah, yeah! Pardon me for living!
Makina: It ain't like I'm mad at you. I mean, it was pretty friggin' funny.
Michiru: ...Huh? Funny? What d'you mean?
Makina: You were blowin' bubbles outta your nose in yer sleep, Chiruchiru! Like, fer real! I thought that only happened in th' funny papers!
Michiru: What!? You're kidding!
Makina: Nah, it's true. I think Sacchin was takin' some pictures while we sniggered at ya, so why don't ya take a look fer yerself later?
Michiru: Why the heck did she take photos!? And how about you wake me up instead of laughing!?
Makina: We tried, okay? But ya just mumbled "ugh, I can't eat another bite" and fell back asleep... Talk about a cliche, man. Sacchin got a little ticked off and punched you, but it still didn't work.
Michiru: Why are you people abusing me while I'm asleep!?!
Amane: C'mon, that's just how it goes. When you're on a field trip, you always mess with the kid who dozes off first and the kid who stays in bed longest, right?
Michiru: Says who!?
Amane: Anyway, if you're done eating breakfast, why don't you wash your face?
Michiru: Oh, right...
Makina: Ah... guess I'll go do some laundry, then! Now that we got us a washtub an' all.
Michiru: Don't bother. I'll take care of that.
Makina: Huh? But...
Michiru: It's fine! I don't want you guys thinking I'm some lazy bum just because I slept in, okay? Leave it to me!
Amane: ...Snort!!
Michiru: ...Okay, seriously. Why do you guys keep looking at me and laughing? That's kinda rude, don't you think?
Makina: I-It's nothin', really! Anyhoo, I just remembered I've got a few things to take care of! See ya later, guys!
Michiru: What was that all about?
Amane: Well, I think you'll understand soon enough.
Michiru: Understand what?
Amane: Don't worry about it. Why don't you go wash your face and brush your teeth already?
Amane: Oh, that reminds me... we don't have that much clean drinking water, so make sure not to waste it. If you're doing the laundry, just filter some river water and use that instead.
Michiru: Okay, got it.
Narration: *They'd been living under the same roof for some time, of course. But conditions in the houseboat weren't exactly comparable to those in the dorm.*
Narration: *Consider this: When you wake up in the morning, the very first thing you see is a snoring doofus just begging to be messed with. Could any red-blooded young lady resist the urge to entertain herself? Surely not.*
Michiru: MaaaaaakinaaaaaAAA!!!
Narration: *But of course, when the doofus in question looks in the mirror and discovers what's been done to her... it's hard to know how understanding she might be.*
Date: *August 1, 2012, 08:45 - Houseboat*
Narration: *Changing your place of residence doesn't mean that your old habits are going to simply disappear.*
Narration: *Case in point: One of the girls had already gone out to see if any nearby stores sold the fried chicken she was addicted to, and another was cleaning the area around their boat with a broom, although nobody had asked her to do so.*
Narration: *Their thought patterns, too, were largely the same as before. Some were excessively cautious; some were overly aggressive; and others were as unpredictable as ever.*
Narration: *But if they had one thing in common, it was this: they were all rather wary by nature.*
Narration: *These five young women had experienced a great deal of betrayal, cruelty, and pain. Trusting strangers didn't come naturally to them.*
Narration: *All the more so when the "stranger" in question was someone they'd never even met face-to-face. But sometimes, exceptions had to be made... as they were learning now.*
Narration: *There was a possibility they were being deceived. And if that was the case, they needed to have a plan that could turn that betrayal to their advantage.*
Narration: *At present, Sakaki Yumiko's job was to plan for the worst.*
Thanatos: "Good morning. This is Thanatos."
Narration: *Just as promised, the black cell phone had rung at precisely 8:45 AM.*
Narration: *There was no number on the screen to indicate who the call was from.*
Narration: *It was rather frustrating that their sole means of communication was so one-sided, but without a viable backup plan, they weren't exactly in a position to complain.*
Yumiko: Well then. You called this a "test," but what exactly do you want us to do?
Thanatos: "Tell me... are you all familiar with the game Simon Says?"
Michiru: Oh, I think I've heard of it... Isn't it that game American kids play with their teachers in kindergarten?
Thanatos: "Exactly. Since you're already familiar with it... let's get started, Matsushima Michiru-san. Simon says: Take this cell phone and bring it to the specified coordinates within the time you're allotted."
Michiru: Well, all right, I guess I'll play along. When does the test begin?
Thanatos: "It already has. Shouldn't you get a move on?"
Michiru: ...Huh?
Thanatos: "Well then, good luck."
Michiru: Hey, hold on!!
Narration: *Ignoring Michiru's startled plea, Thanatos abruptly cut off the phone call; and before anyone had time to complain, the phone automatically started up a GPS-based compass application.*
Narration: *The screen was now displaying their current latitude and longitude, the coordinates of their destination, and a triangular arrow pointing the way... Along with a countdown indicating the amount of time they had remaining.*
Michiru: ...Huh? What's with this?
Sachi: I suppose we're supposed to head in the direction indicated by this arrow...?
Makina: It's 2000 meters to th' target... an' we've got 18 minutes an' 32 seconds left... We're not gonna make it unless we run.
Michiru: W-W-What the heck do we do!?
Yumiko: If it's two kilometers as the crow flies, it's probably more than three if you're running alongside the river. I'm not sure Matsushima-san is capable of running quickly enough... In fact, I'm fairly certain that she isn't.
Michiru: ...Kuh!
Makina: ...Wah... Hey! Chiruchiru!?
Sachi: Oh no! Come on, Maki-chan! We've got to catch up with her!
Yumiko: ...Uhm, what? Hold on!
Amane: There's no time to hesitate! I'm going too!
Yumiko: No, really! Wait a minute!
Amane: We can just treat it like a relay race! All we have to do is make sure the phone makes it to our destination, right!?
Yumiko: W-Well, yes! That's true, but... no, wait! Hey! Aaaagh!
Narration: *Developing better communication skills had never been a priority for Sakaki Yumiko.*
Narration: *But now, her clumsiness in that department was proving to be a significant problem - especially at times like this, where every second counted.*
Narration: *Running to the goal just wasn't going to work, but Matsushima Michiru had rushed out of the boat anyway. When placed under pressure, she tended to be simpleminded and impulsive.*
Narration: *Once Michiru ran off in a panic, Makina and Sachi had reflexively followed her, failing to assess the situation.*
Narration: *Compensating for their lack of individual ability by splitting up the task wasn't a bad idea, but Amane had left without really thinking it through. That was rashness, plain and simple.*
Yumiko: ...And of course, I've immediately proven myself to be a woefully inadequate commander...
Narration: *She hadn't been able to remind Michiru that they had a perfectly good bicycle. And she'd been too flustered to point out that a "relay" approach wasn't going to work, since everyone would be running from the same starting point.*
Narration: *A bit belatedly, she considered trying to contact them to explain all this... But her personal cell phone was currently missing its battery and SIM card, so there wasn't much to be done.*
Narration: *In the chaos of war, platoons sometimes went into battle without realizing they'd grabbed a defective radio. Was this how it felt to be an officer shouting uselessly into his transceiver as his men charge obliviously into a trap?*
Narration: *The analogy sent a chill down her spine. In an actual combat situation, mistakes like these would have grave consequences.*
Yumiko: ...Dwelling on this is a waste of time. It'd be more productive to get on that bicycle and chase them down...
Narration: *This sounded logical enough. But she needed to think it through first.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, when exactly was the last time she'd actually ridden a bicycle?*
Narration: *Thinking back, she had the distinct sense it had been in the garden of her family's home... when she was six years old.*
Narration: *Her kiddie bike didn't have any training wheels, so she might be able to ride one in a pinch. She wasn't especially confident, though. There was a real possibility that she'd end up crashing and injuring herself.*
Yumiko: ...Hrm...
Narration: *Imitating Kazami Yuuji's surprisingly handy verbal tic, Yumiko looked around her.*
Narration: *Her gaze soon settled on the boat's coffee maker. With a small burble, the last bit of brown liquid had just dripped down into the pot.*
Yumiko: ...All right. I'll drink that... and wait patiently.
Narration: *She had to admit it was a sorry excuse for a decision... But it wasn't like they were going to lose their lives if they failed Thanatos' test, and it was often preferable to be somewhat underestimated.*
Yumiko: I wonder where they keep the milk and sugar...?
Narration: *As Yumiko took a mug and poked her head into the fridge, having skillfully convinced herself that her idleness was justified...*
Narration: *Michiru, who'd shot out of the boat like a human bullet only minutes before, was already reaching the limits of her endurance.*
Michiru: Haa... haa... bweeh... ahh... my sides... I started running too suddenly... my siiiides! Ghaaaaaah!!
Narration: *She'd been known to refer to herself as "Michiru-sama, the Supreme Sprinter."*
Narration: *Everyone else tended to prefer "Matsushima the Hare."*
Narration: *The girl definitely had raw power. She was good at most forms of anaerobic exercise, and nobody at Mihama could beat her on the short-distance dashes. That said... she could only sprint for around 400 meters at a time.*
Narration: *Whenever the distance was greater than that, Michiru would rapidly run out of gas, and eventually end up completely immobile.*
Narration: *Today proved no exception. Although she'd set off at a vigorous pace, Michiru was soon breathing heavily; and by the time she reached the one kilometer mark...*
Michiru: ...Nhaaah... I can't... go oooon...
Makina: ...Chiruchiruuuuu!!
Makina: Haa... haa... haa... I finally caught up! Yer... ngh... really friggin' fast, Chiruchiru!
Michiru: ...Mwaa... ginaa...
Makina: Heeey! Who th' heck are you callin' a "vagina"!? I'll bury you, punk!
Sachi: Haa... haa... you're too fast, Maki-chan...
Makina: Yo, Sacchin! Fetch me a shovel! I'm gonna put this dumbass neck-deep in th' ground!
Sachi: There's... haa... haa... no time, Maki-chan... Let's save that for later...
Michiru: Don't... bury me later, either!! Blurrrph!! Ablobloblobloblobloblo...
Makina: Gaaah! She's pukin' her guts out! Nasty, man!!
Sachi: Aah... aaaaah... all that miso soup she ate for breakfast... seems to have come right back up...
Makina: Chiruchiru... are you dyin'?
Michiru: Of COURSE not! Just... take this already! Hurry up and... bluhhhhbloblobloblo...
Amane: Haa... haa... hey! What the heck... are you guys doing there...? Haa... haa...
Makina: Ah, Ama-nee! What do we do? Chiruchiru's kinda fallin' apart here, and it ain't pretty...
Amane: Oh geez... did you lose your lunch...? Shouldn't have started running so suddenly... Guess you've got a pretty weak stomach, huh...?
Sachi: I see. Michiru-sama has a weak digestive system, does she? That would explain why she never gets fat no matter how much she eats...
Makina: All ya got goin' for you is yer fast-twitch muscles, girl. Yer core's weak as heck, so you don't have any stamina! Judgin' from that round face, I bet yer metabolism's pretty slow, too...
Michiru: Oh, shut up! What's my face got to do with anything!?
Amane: ...Wait! This is no time to be observing Michiru! We've got to hurry, guys! Let's get the phone to those coordinates!
Sachi: I think Maki-chan is probably the fastest runner among us... Can you make it, Maki-chan!?
Makina: Hells yeah! Leave it ta me! Nrrryaaaah!
Sachi: Once I'm done burying Michiru-sama, I'll be right behind you!
Michiru: Don't bury meeeee... blurp...
Amane: Gaaah, that's it... I can't keep this up... Mind if I slow down, guys...?
Narration: *Like the anchor of a relay race, Makina snatched the cell phone from Michiru's grasp and set off in the direction the arrow indicated.*
Narration: *Under Kazami Yuuji's direction, she'd regularly run laps around the circumference of Mihama Academy, a distance of about three kilometers. She knew how to approach the task at hand.*
Narration: *Instead of rushing forward, she set a regular pace and conserved her stamina. Before too long, she'd reached the park that was her destination; and as she was catching her breath, the phone in her hand began to ring.*
Makina: Uwoh! Don't start bleepin' all of a sudden, man! Ya startled me...
Thanatos: "Hello there. This is Thanatos."
Makina: Sup, kids! It'sa me, Makina!
Thanatos: "Don't touch that dial!"
Makina: Way to roll with th' gag, Thanatos... I think you and me just might get along...
Thanatos: "Are we done playing around? One way or the other, it seems you made it in time. Congratulations. What happened to Matsushima Michiru?"
Makina: Chiruchiru collapsed halfway through and started throwin' up all over the place, ya know? Sacchin should be catchin' up soon, but Ama-nee ain't too good at runnin', thanks to them big ol' boobies. She's prob'ly restin' somewhere...
Thanatos: "Did Sakaki Yumiko not come with you?"
Makina: Ahh, well... Yumi-chan's kinda like one of them fancy indoor dogs that really hates movin' fast, ya know? Can't really blame her...
Thanatos: "I see. Well, there isn't much time. Let's move on to the next problem, shall we?"
Makina: Huh? Wait... you serious!?
Thanatos: "Simon says: The present hour is 7:17, beneath the bell where time has stopped."
Makina: Say what now...? Huh? What're th' coordinates...?
Thanatos: "You've already gotten your only hint. Unless you hurry, you're going to waste the 20 minutes you've got until your next deadline. Good luck."
Makina: What the HECK, man!?!
Narration: *The present hour...?*
Narration: *7:17...? Was that AM or PM?*
Narration: *Checking the time on the digital pet dangling from her waist, she found that it was currently 9:12 AM.*
Makina: The bell...? Which bell? What kinda bell? That's barely even a hint! How th' heck am I supposed ta figure this out!?!
Narration: *First she'd been forced to run like a maniac; now she'd been handed some ridiculous riddle. It was tempting to hurl the phone in her hand down to the ground.*
Narration: *But of course, every move she made was likely being observed by their smug new friend. And at the end of the day, "agents" like her were always just pawns in someone else's game. With a small sigh, she let her anger dissipate.*
Makina: ...Haa... good grief... Didn't anyone teach her to keep her orders nice an' simple...? Ya can't have yer field agents wastin' time tryin' ta figure things out...
Narration: *The current time was 9:13 AM.*
Narration: *The more anxious people grow, the more frequently they check the time.*
Narration: *And according to Kazami Yuuji, Makina's teacher, nobody's as useless as the guy who spends half his shift looking at the clock.*
Narration: *She understood that getting flustered wasn't going to get her anywhere. But even so, she couldn't help glancing down at her watch repeatedly.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... sorry... to keep you waiting, Maki-chan... Did you make it on time...?
Makina: That ain't even the issue right now, Sacchin!
Sachi: Huh...??? Did something happen?
Makina: ...Okay, listen up. I'll fill ya in.
Narration: *She'd made it on time, yes, and received new directions. But unfortunately, they were all but incomprehensible.*
Narration: *As Makina carefully repeated Thanatos' "riddle" word for word, Sachi tilted her head quizzically and blinked in confusion.*
Sachi: ...What exactly does that mean?
Makina: I've got no friggin' clue. That's why I'm so ticked off right now, ya know?
Sachi: Hmmm... is it some kind of quiz, perhaps?
Makina: But it ain't even a question!
Narration: *Right now, Thanatos' directions were their marching orders. But orders generally need to have some kind of verb, and she'd only given them a vaguely descriptive "hint."*
Narration: *The when, where, who, what, and how had all been omitted entirely. They had no real specifics to work from.*
Makina: ...I mean, th' "when" part isn't too hard, since we've got us a time limit... an' only 17 minutes to go... 
Sachi: As for "where"... well, she designated these coordinates earlier, so perhaps it's somewhere in this immediate area?
Makina: An' the "who" would prob'ly be the person carrying this phone, right?
Sachi: But initially, Thanatos gave her orders to Michiru-sama. Perhaps there's some keyword in this riddle that only she would understand?
Makina: Wanna call Chiruchiru an' ask her?
Sachi: That's easier said than done... We removed the batteries and SIM cards from our phones, so they're not much good at present.
Makina: Oh, right... I guess we could use the one Thanatos gave us, but it's not like she's gonna be able to answer...
Sachi: Also... Thanatos warned us to be more careful about using cell phones, remember?
Makina: Nngh... so we're trapped behind enemy lines with no means of communication. Guess she's testin' our ability to think on our feet...? I wish we could at least talk to Yumi-chan. She's pretty good at figurin' out this sorta stuff...
Narration: *As they looked around the area, trying to devise some sort of solution, a nearby object caught Sachi's eye.*
Sachi: A telephone...!! Maki-chan, there's a public phone booth over there!!
Makina: Uh, didn't ya hear what I said? Chiruchiru and Yumi-chan can't use their cell phones right now, so...
Sachi: But what about someone else? Like the principal, or Harudera-san! It might be a little hard to explain the situation, but maybe they can give us a hint!
Narration: *Retrieving her wallet from the pocket of her maid uniform, Sachi fished out a few coins...*
Narration: *But just as she reached out for the pay phone, it abruptly began to ring.*
Narration: *Much like Professor Pavlov, who developed the unfortunate habit of feeding his dog every time he heard the sound of a bell, she couldn't help but pick up the phone and answer.*
Sachi: ...H-Hello?
Thanatos: "Getting help from the outside wouldn't be very sporting. Handle this yourselves, please."
Makina: ...Huh? Wait... is that Thanatos on th' line?
Sachi: It seems she predicted our actions... Either that, or she's watching us somehow. What should we do, Maki-chan? She scolded me...
Narration: *As of this moment, it was entirely possible that Thanatos had already made a note of Sachi's "inability to think for herself" and Makina's "tendency to freeze up under pressure."*
Narration: *From Thanatos' perspective, whether they successfully completed this problem probably wasn't that crucial. More than anything else, she was testing how they approached it.*
Narration: *It was a bit like one of those exams where you'd get zero points for a correct answer if you didn't "show your work" properly.*
Narration: *Right now, they had to calm down and really think this through. Makina forced herself to take a long, deep breath.*
Makina: ...Hooo... haaaa...
Makina: Erm... how much time do we have left...?
Narration: *Makina reached down to her digital pet once more. Sachi, who didn't wear a watch, reflexively took out her cell phone - although it wasn't much help without its battery.*
Narration: *She had come to rely rather heavily on this little device. Apart from functioning as a timepiece, it served as a communications tool, a portable computer, a camera, a TV, and even a wallet. *
Narration: *The downside of this exceptionally handy all-in-one machine, however, was that losing it left her inconvenienced in any number of ways.*
Narration: *Was there a clock somewhere in the area, perhaps...? As she looked around the park, Sachi happened to glance up. And after a moment, her eyes went wide.*
Sachi: Maki-chan! Look over there!!
Narration: *When Makina looked over, she found Sachi pointing toward an old church that stood adjacent to the park facilities.*
Narration: *There was an old clock on the building's tower, just below its sizable bell. Its hands were frozen in place - displaying a time of 7:17.*
Makina: ...The present hour is 7:17... beneath the bell where time has stopped...? That's gotta be what she meant!! I mean, that's literally it! Why the heck didn't we notice that before!?
Sachi: ...I suppose she was testing our ability to calmly observe our surroundings...
Makina: Yeah, whatever! Let's get goin' already! 
Narration: *―The door to the house of God is never locked to anyone, even sheep who've strayed from the flock.*
Narration: *It had probably been decades since this building last served as a house of worship, judging from the chaotic jumble they found within. Naturally, there was no power. Flipping the light switch accomplished nothing.*
Narration: *In the light that filtered in between the boards on the windows, the inner walls were faintly visible; they were covered in graffiti. It seemed that this place had come to serve as a hideout for a group of rebellious young people.*
Makina: ...Aren't there any stairs leadin' up or anything?
Sachi: There's a staircase over here, Maki-chan... I think this should take us up to the attic. From there, we can probably get out onto the roof and climb up to the clock tower.
Makina: A staircase...? Looks more like a ladder ta me.
Sachi: I'll go up first. You follow after me, Maki-chan.
Makina: You got a flashlight, Sacchin?
Sachi: Only a small one, but I'll be fine.
Narration: *After carefully climbing the steep, creaky "staircase," they did indeed emerge into an attic of sorts.*
Narration: *Moving her small circle of light around the room, Sachi found that it was full of empty beer cans and cigarette butts. The delinquents had evidently invaded this space as well.*
Narration: *The push-door leading up to the roof had been left half-open, presumably to keep the room ventilated for the smokers. By clambering up through that, she would most likely gain access to the clock tower.*
Sachi: ...Well, I'm out on the roof. Uhm... we're looking for something underneath the clock tower bell, correct...?
Makina: Heeey, Sacchin. Ya find anything?
Sachi: ...Uhm, well... there's a black box here... It's not particularly dusty, and it seems rather new. I think it was left here quite recently.
Makina: What kinda box is it? Let's open that sucker up.
Sachi: Hold on, please. I have a... very, very bad feeling about this...
Makina: What th' heck? I'm comin' up there, okay?
Sachi: Wait! Stay where you are for now. There's something that looks like a letter taped on top of the box, so I'm going to read it...
Narration: *―Generally speaking, a "bad feeling" is actually the result of your unconscious mind reacting to a number of subtly "negative" phenomena.*
Narration: *For many people, they're triggered by silly superstitions - a shoelace breaking as you leave the house, or a black cat crossing your path...*
Narration: *But once you've experienced a certain amount of danger, your ability to sense that something's genuinely awry grows far more reliable.*
Narration: *With the expression of someone watching a malevolent feline slinking past, Sachi slowly approached the box, retrieved the envelope taped to its lid, and opened it.*
Narration: *"Dismantle this bomb within the time you've been allotted."*
Sachi: ...Oh noooo...
Narration: *Its contents were, unfortunately, exactly what she'd feared. For a moment, the world seemed to lurch around her; gravity was pulling her in every direction at once.*
Narration: *On the lid of the box, below the letter she'd just removed, was a countdown displaying their remaining time in segmented numbers.*
Narration: *They had seven minutes and sixteen seconds left.*
Sachi: ...Well, I suppose I've got to do this...
Narration: *Furrowing her brow and biting down on her lip, Sachi drew a quick, sharp breath through her nose, then turned the pockets of her skirt inside out.*
Narration: *It's sometimes said that a woman's skirt pockets are "full of mysteries," but these particular pockets were stuffed with what Makina called "Sacchin's Secret Tools." They made something of a racket as they clattered to the ground.*
Makina: Sacchiiin!! Hey, Sacchiiin! What's th' matter? Did somethin' go wrong!?
Sachi: This isn't good, Maki-chan. I found a bomb... It looks like our next task is to dismantle it...
Makina: Whaaat!? Are you fer real!? What th' heck do we do!?
Sachi: There isn't much time, and I'm not particularly confident... but I'm going to give it a shot! You should run away while you can, Maki-chan!
Makina: Don't talk nonsense, girl! Ain't there anything I can do to help!?
Sachi: ...Uhm... all right. Go back down into the church, and bring me a blackout curtain from the windows!
Makina: Oui! Roger that, yo!
Narration: *With a dramatic flourish of her skirt, Sachi lowered herself to the ground. Her eyes were fixed on the small black case before her.*
Narration: *There were a total of six screws holding the upper plate in place. All of them could be removed with an ordinary #2 Phillips screwdriver.*
Narration: *But when she looked more closely, she realized that one of them was sticking up slightly out of its hole.*
Narration: *This was a very common trap, popular with Irish terrorists. The one "loose" screw was almost certainly reverse-threaded; turning it to the left would tighten it, bringing it into contact with a switch that would set off the bomb.*
Narration: *Given the presence of this mechanism, it was safest to assume that the other five screws were also potentially dangerous.*
Narration: *For the time being, she decided to stick the blade of her flat screwdriver under the lid right beneath the loose screw. Prying it open slightly should allow her to peek inside.*
Narration: *But after a moment, she stopped and blinked in surprise. The gap between the box and its lid was sealed tightly with black silicone.*
Sachi: I suppose there's a light-sensing detonator within? It's also possible they sealed gas inside... if it escapes, a sensor will detect the change in atmospheric pressure. Either way, opening the lid will set off the bomb...
Narration: *In the latter scenario, there wasn't much she could possibly do.*
Narration: *With a gas-based mechanism, you couldn't even cut a tiny hole in the box and slip in a micro-fiberscope to see what was inside.*
Narration: *There were only two real ways to dispose of a bomb like that. Either you worked in an airtight chamber where you could slowly equalize the atmospheric pressure inside and outside the box, or you gave up and detonated it remotely.*
Sachi: It's possible to control air pressure using a balloon, but I don't have any with me... and even if I did, I'd need a specialized drill to determine the pressure inside the box...
Narration: *Sachi did have a toolbox containing "specialist" equipment of that sort, but given its extreme weight, she'd opted to leave it behind in her locker at the Mihama dormitory.*
Makina: Heeey, Sacchin! I brought those curtains ya wanted, see!?
Sachi: Oh, right. Thank you. I'll come to get them, so just leave them there.
Makina: How's it lookin' up there!? Think ya can pull this off!?
Sachi: I don't know... I'll do what I can, but... I really think you should make a run for it, Maki-chan...
Makina: Nuts ta that! I ain't goin' nowhere!
Sachi: This maid uniform is made of Nomex, so I should be able to withstand a minor explosion... but you don't have any protection, Maki-chan. Please... I want you to evacuate...
Makina: ...You aren't gonna die, are ya? Promise me.
Sachi: Yes. I'll be fine. I promise.
Makina: You better not break that promise, or I'll chase ya down to hell, rip off yer panties, and make ya cry! Ya got that!?
Sachi: It's going to be all right. Trust me.
Makina: All right then! Good luck, kid!
Narration: *Makina clearly wasn't happy to go.*
Narration: *If anything, the look on her face suggested severe reluctance. But after a moment's hesitation, she placed the curtain on the floor and scampered back down into the church.*
Sachi: ...Well, it's easy enough to sound confident... but where do I even begin...?
Narration: *Before anything else, she draped the thick curtain Makina had brought her over the box.*
Narration: *From this point forward, she'd be relying mainly on her sense of touch.*
Narration: *Given that a letter had been taped to the box, it was reasonable to conclude that there weren't any electrostatic sensors on its surface. Simply touching it wouldn't set off the bomb.*
Sachi: There's less than five minutes left... and given the size of this box, we should be safe at a distance of 200 meters. At the three minute mark, I'll have to make a choice. If I just can't do this, I'll run away as fast as I can...
Narration: *Slipping her hands underneath the curtain, she began by reaching out to tap gently on the lid of the box.*
Narration: *As a general rule, vibration sensors are oriented downward because of the Earth's gravity, making them slightly less sensitive to vertical impacts.*
Narration: *Repeatedly tapping the lid with her fingers, she looked for places where the sound seemed "hollow," and selected one of them as the point where she'd drill her hole.*
Narration: *Once this was done, she cut herself a bit of tape about five centimeters in length, temporarily placing it next to the spot where she'd be drilling.*
Narration: *If gas began to escape through her hole, she'd use this to cover it up before the air pressure inside the box changed too drastically.*
Sachi: ...Ideally, I'd cool it with liquid nitrogen beforehand, but...
Narration: *She didn't have any; and these days, some bombs had backup sensors that would react to sudden drops in the temperature. Pushing the thought from her mind, Sachi brought her drill to the box's lid and began to turn the handle.*
Narration: *She worked slowly, carefully, and as quietly as possible.*
Narration: *If gas began to escape, she'd have to apply the tape quickly. A small leak shouldn't be fatal; the volume of the gas inside would naturally change as the temperature outside fluctuated, so a hair-trigger sensor was unlikely.*
Narration: *Soon enough, she completed a tiny hole in the aluminum case, less than 0.1 mm in diameter.*
Narration: *―There was no sign of anything escaping through it. Apparently, she didn't have a gas trap on her hands.*
Sachi: ...Pheeeew...
Narration: *As she exhaled in relief, Sachi could feel sweat pushing its way out of her pores.*
Narration: *She wasn't out of the woods yet. It could still be equipped with geomagnetic, vibration, thermal, or light sensors.*
Narration: *Geomagnetic and vibration sensors could easily set a bomb off prematurely. If they were present at all, the settings would probably be rather lax.*
Narration: *As long as she didn't pick the box up or start kicking it around, there shouldn't be a problem.*
Narration: *Also... the box was black, meaning it absorbed and released heat easily. And by drilling into it, she'd seen that it wasn't insulated. It probably wasn't equipped with a thermal sensor that could react to the heat of a human body.*
Sachi: ...In that case, the only remaining issue would be light sensors...
Narration: *Like the other types of sensors, overly sensitive photodetectors could be risky, and required you to take great care with your bomb. You needed a margin for error; brief exposure to light probably wouldn't trigger a reaction.*
Sachi: ...Of course, "probably" isn't a word you want to use when you're defusing a bomb...
Narration: *That said... how would she have done things, if she'd been the one planting this device?*
Sachi: Yes. That's how I would have approached it...
Narration: *Nodding, Sachi shined her flashlight in through the small hole in thelid of the box. Something within began to beep a faint but unmistakable warning; when she turned her light down, the tone of the sound shifted as well.*
Sachi: ...Well, there you have it. There's definitely a light sensor, at the very least...
Narration: *Just in case, she tried using an infrared light as well, but a different sensor reacted audibly.*
Sachi: I suppose that means night-vision equipment isn't an option...
Narration: *There were three minutes left.*
Narration: *If she was going to run, it had to be now.*
Sachi: I'm not sure if I can do this blind, but...
Narration: *She'd come so far already that backing down was no longer an option.*
Narration: *Leaving the curtain draped over the box, she set about removing the screws from its lid, guided only by her sense of touch.*
Narration: *The screws in question were commonplace "pan heads." Judging by the small punchmarks she could feel on their heads, they were made to the international standard.*
Narration: *Carefully bringing her screwdriver to bear, she began by removing the screws that turned to the left.*
Narration: *Those that didn't turn left, she turned right instead.*
Narration: *One of them refused to budge either way; it was a dummy. She ground down its head with her drill, then snipped it with her wire cutter once it was sufficiently weakened.*
Narration: *She used the same approach on the booby-trapped screw she'd noticed earlier on.*
Narration: *Removing the lid would only have taken a few seconds if all the screws had been normal, but the drilling ended up costing her quite a bit of time.*
Sachi: ...Phoo...
Narration: *After pausing briefly to catch her breath, Sachi pushed her flat screwdriver under the box's lid and slowly pried it loose. A bit of pressure tore the silicone seal holding it in place; at long last, she had access to the inside.*
Narration: *Tracing her fingertips along the various components, Sachi began to map out the structure of the bomb. She had to identify all of the sensors by feel, and then cut them away one by one.*
Sachi: ...These would be... the batteries, I believe? Main power... sub-power... and reserve power... Counting the timer's lithium battery, that's four sources of power...
Sachi: Once the detonator circuit's been switched "on"... even if I cut it away from the batteries, removing the gate signal won't turn the thyristor "off"...
Sachi: The oscillating voltage will charge the capacitor... and if the thyristor's on, everything past the capacitor will have practically no voltage... so, uhm... where exactly do I make the cut...?
Narration: *Based on what she felt, Sachi tried to piece together a mental image of the circuit - all the wiring that led from the batteries to the primer, including a number of dummies. But with no time to take notes, it wasn't at all easy.*
Sachi: ...If Kazami-san were here... I suppose I'd throw in the towel and ask for his help...
Narration: *Cutting away all the sensors that connected to the explosive device itself wouldn't take too long.*
Narration: *But if she severed the wire "harness" connected to the main battery, the sub-power system would sense the drop in voltage, activate, and set off the bomb.*
Narration: *Before cutting off the main power source, she needed to use an alligator clip as a jumper to create a bypass, and hook up a battery of her own, using a volume dial and a crystal oscillator to control the frequency of the current...*
Narration: *...thereby establishing a temporary circuit that would prevent the system from realizing the main battery had been disconnected.*
Narration: *Once this was accomplished, she could safely cut the main wire harness. Even if the sub-power system's reverse circuit activated, the electricity wouldn't reach the detonator.*
Narration: *However, with no oscilloscope available to her, she had to control the "volume" of the signal based solely on her instincts.*
Sachi: I think I'm in the right neighborhood, since we're dealing with standard batteries... but this is really just a gamble...
Narration: *Closing her eyes, Sachi took a deep breath... and brought her wirecutter to the thin, 0.5 mm harness leading to the main battery.*
Sachi: ...It'll be fine... I know I'm right!
Narration: *With a small "snip," she cut through the wire.*
Sachi: Haaaaa...
Narration: *It hadn't exploded.*
Narration: *That was a good thing, of course. But right now, she was simply "deceiving" the bomb into believing that its main power source was still active - with the help of a single 9-volt battery.*
Narration: *Unless she used this time to deal with the detonators, the secondary power sources would activate as soon as the timer hit zero, and the bomb would go off.*
Narration: *The actual primer was an electrical type, embedded in the explosive material itself. Her only option was to drag out the wires hidden in the bottom of the box, bypass the detonator using resistors, and then cut them off one by one.*
Narration: *Taking her drill, Sachi quickly made a new hole in the side of the box, then used a pick she'd made from the spoke of a bicycle wheel to pull out the detonator wires.*
Narration: *In total, there were 15 different harnesses connected to the transistor circuit and the capacitor. That included positive, negative, and disconnection detection wires... so it was impossible to tell them apart simply by touching them.*
Narration: *After pulling the wires through the new hole, she studied them under her flashlight... then connected them to dummy-load resistors of various values, isolating the detonators so that she could sever them.*
Narration: *With the resistors serving to hide the surge in voltage that followed every cut, she steadily worked her way through the wiring that led to all five detonators.*
Sachi: ...This is the last one...
Narration: *Once the detonators were silenced, she could theoretically dropkick this bomb across the roof without fear of it exploding.*
Narration: *But had she overlooked anything? If she had planted this bomb, she would have implemented a "backup" mechanism that would activate in this very moment of relief.*
Narration: *Slowly and cautiously, she double-checked the wiring - but found nothing unexpected. She couldn't feel any "extra" explosive material on the box's lid or its interior walls, either.*
Narration: *The classic trick here would be a wire that pulls out the pin of a grenade when you relax and pick up the box, but there didn't seem to be anything of that sort either.*
Sachi: ...Phew...
Narration: *As Komine Sachi allowed herself a deep sigh of relief, the countdown timer finally ticked down to zero.*
Narration: *Naturally, there was no explosion.*
Sachi: Komine Sachi... has succeeded!
Narration: *"Did you see that, Kazami-san?"*
Narration: *Looking up to the sky, she saw her beloved instructor's face... and couldn't help but boast to him.*
Makina: Heeey, Sacchin! Time's up! Are we good? What happened to the bomb?
Sachi: Well, I apparently managed to defuse it... but why are you still here, Maki-chan? Weren't you going to run away?
Makina: Pshaw! Didja really think I'd abandon ya just ta save my own skin, Sacchin!?
Sachi: I know how you feel, but... what if I'd failed?
Makina: Welp, I guess we woulda gone to th' great beyond together. Beats lettin' ya die all on yer lonesome, in my book. Now quit yer bellyachin' and get down here, why don't ya!?
Sachi: Maki-chan, the phone...
Makina: Nrrrgh! Friggin' Thanatos!!
Makina: What the hell was that, yo!? Are ya tryin' to kill us here!?
Thanatos: "...Goodness, that startled me. Since you're answering the phone, I assume you both managed to survive?"
Makina: Don't screw with me, lady! What kinda nutjob plants a bomb as part of a test!?
Thanatos: "I was just trying to add a little suspense to the proceedings... There's no need to be so upset."
Sachi: Maki-chan... this isn't a plastic explosive, it's just clay... She fooled us...
Thanatos: "I'm merely evaluating your abilities, remember? Of course I didn't use actual explosives."
Thanatos: "That said, the device itself was made by a professional, and I'm honestly surprised you were able to disarm it. Very nicely done, you two."
Sachi: ...Well, it was purposely constructed to be disarmable, wasn't it?
Thanatos: "That's true, but I was also testing whether you could tell a bomb that's disarmable from one that isn't. You performed most admirably in every respect."
Makina: Grrrr... yer just playin' around with us, aren't ya...?
Thanatos: "Did you find the letter inside the box yet?"
Makina: Say whaaat!?
Sachi: Oh... does she mean this...? Here it is, Maki-chan...
Thanatos: "Excellent. Well then, Simon says: bring that letter to Matsushima Michiru at once."
Makina: What!? We're not even done yet!?
Thanatos: "You've got a whole 60 minutes for this one. The clock's already ticking, by the way. Get a move on."
Makina: Gwaaaaah!!! What the heck, man!? I'm so ticked off right now! I seriously wanna go kick a puppy or something!
Sachi: ...That's just how it goes. Let's hurry, Maki-chan.
Makina: Nnnnrgggh...
Narration: *It was frustrating that things weren't going the way she wanted. And it was frustrating to be ordered around by someone who didn't bother to explain things properly.*
Narration: *Makina understood this frustration was fundamentally childish, but when no one even bothered trying to coax her, it was hard to accept this kind of treatment.*
Narration: *Of course, being a grown-up was all about swallowing your frustration and finding ways to cope with situations you couldn't "accept" on an emotional level. But in this particular respect, Makina was still something of a child.*
Narration: *Orders from the people upstairs will always be "unfair." Otherwise, there wouldn't be any reason to issue them as "orders." Might as well quit if you don't like it. That's just how things are in this line of work.*
Narration: *If Kazami Yuuji were here with them, he probably would have told her something along those lines.*
Narration: *Clutching the letter they'd found inside the box, Makina and Sachi set off running down the road they'd followed to the church.*
Narration: *Their eyes were searching for a certain bottle-blonde, presumably lying in a heap somewhere in the vicinity...*

Makina: Matsushimaaaa!! Where art thou, Matsushima!? Show yourseeeelf!!
Narration: *After nearly shouting themselves hoarse, the two girls finally found the individual they were looking for... in a truly piteous state.*
Michiru: ...Ablurblurblurblurblur...
Narration: *The night before, Michiru had gluttonously gobbled down great quantities of fried fish; and after a hearty breakfast, she'd set off running. It was hardly surprising that she was now lying on her side by the road, vomiting loudly.*
Narration: *Her eyes were glazed and unfocused; her body was totally immobile. She resembled nothing so much as a beached sea-mammal. Amane was standing a few feet away, gingerly poking at her with a stick.*
Makina: Chiruchiru!!
Sachi: Oh, heavens... She's finished throwing up all of her breakfast and moved on to the goby from last night...
Amane: Forget her. Did you guys make it on time?
Sachi: Indeed, and these are our new orders. Thanatos instructed us to bring this letter to Michiru-sama...
Makina: C'mon, Chiruchiru! Pull yerself together! Smack! Smack!
Narration: *With all the tenderness of an interrogator slapping their prisoner awake in the middle of a torture session, Makina pulled Michiru up off the ground and shoved the letter in her face.*
Makina: Here. Take a look at this!
Michiru: ...Uaah?
Narration: *They'd now received their third mission of the day. Its nature was quite simple.*
Narration: *The envelope contained a single map that seemed to have been printed on a photocopier.*
Narration: *Someone had circled a part of it in red pen, and then jotted a note in the margins of the page: "Proceed to the designated location within the time you've been allotted."*
Michiru: ...Hmm? What is this place?
Sachi: I assure you, Michiru-sama, we're on the planet Earth. Please pull yourself together...
Michiru: Uh, no, no. That's not what I meant, okay...?
Sachi: ...Ugh... you're rather smelly, Michiru-sama...
Michiru: Don't call me smelly!! I mean, what do you expect!? I just puked my guts out! Arrrgh!
Amane: Hmm, yeah... even if it's true, calling a girl stinky is a good way to hurt their feelings...
Michiru: Anyway, that's not what I meant! I was just trying to ask where this place on the map is... Gaaaah!! Why can't anyone understand!? My chest's bursting with frustration! 
Makina: That's prob'ly just heartburn. Anyhoo, why a map now? Couldn't she use th' phone to guide us like before?
Amane: Hmmm... maybe she's testing whether we can read a map properly?
Makina: Anyone can read a friggin' map. It ain't hard.
Amane: I dunno about that... There's a reason rally cars have a co-driver to handle the navigation, you know?
Sachi: ...Our destination appears to be... somewhere in the mountains? It looks like we'll mostly be following a single road, so I don't think there's much danger of getting lost...
Narration: *Retrieving a curvimeter from the pocket of her skirt, Sachi began to move it along the winding road on their map.*
Sachi: Uhm... from our current position, I believe it's a distance of about 40 kilometers.
Amane: ...Hm? Oh, I know this road...
Narration: *Their new destination was over in the next prefecture, separated by a mountain from their current location.*
Narration: *It wasn't far from the farm that supplied eggs and chicken to the restaurant Amane's parents ran. For a while, she'd driven out there every morning.*
Narration: *At first, those trips had been on the restaurant's motorcycle. After getting her driver's license, she'd taken their mini-truck instead.*
Narration: *Day in and day out, in rain and snow, she'd sped out there and back - battling the early-bird street racers who used it as their personal practice track.*
Amane: This isn't good... There's no train station anywhere nearby, and the bus only heads out once an hour... if we're gonna make it, we're gonna need a car or a motorcycle...
Makina: Maybe we could just take a taxi...?
Amane: Hmmm... there's only 50 minutes left... I doubt calling a taxi would be quick enough...
Narration: *Given the time you'd lose to traffic signals and such, traveling 40 kilometers in 50 minutes wasn't easy. You'd have to be averaging about 70 kilometers per hour.*
Narration: *She could try to head home and borrow a ride from her parents, but given their time limit, it didn't seem too realistic.*
Narration: *As Amane racked her brains for a better solution, a run-down store across the street happened to catch her eye. It was a used-car dealership with a small sign advertising "cars for rent."*
Amane: ...Right... we could just rent one. Guys, how much money do you have on you?
Sachi: ...Uhm, I have 8,200 yen...
Michiru: ...2,800 yen...
Amane: I've got 24,557 yen... Wonder if that's enough. How about you, Makina?
Makina: Uhh... hold on just a sec. I got... 126,400 yen, I guess...? I'd have ta use my card for anything more... but they've probably frozen my credit...
Amane: Well, I think that should be more than enough...
Narration: *―Generally speaking, you shouldn't expect too much from a rental car.*
Narration: *It's a temporary means of transportation, nothing more. Most places aren't going to lend out flashy sports cars or anything. And given the cost of insuring expensive vehicles, you'll pay way more for high-performance rides.*
Narration: *Also... when you're poking around a sleepy dealership next to the highway that's clearly run by some local landowner's second son as a tax shelter for his dad, there's really no point even hoping for something decent.*
Narration: *As Amane looked over the various cars lined up in the lot, it was all she could do to keep from groaning in dismay.*
Narration: *Everywhere she turned, she saw ancient hatchbacks and coupes from twenty or thirty years ago - and they were mostly beaters in visibly poor condition.*
Amane: ...I know you can't ask for the moon, but seriously...
Narration: *Shaking her head, she turned toward the prefab hut that served as the "dealership," intending to ask if there were any cars they could drive off in immediately. The lone employee inside, however, was in the middle of a phone call.*
Employee: ...Ah, yes, here she is now...
Narration: *After glancing briefly through the window at her face, the woman put down the phone and said "You're Suou Amane, correct?"*
Saleswoman: We've already been paid in full for your rental car, so please choose any vehicle you want.
Amane: ...Huh? Wait, what's going on...?
Makina: Guess Thanatos guessed we'd try to rent a car under th' circumstances, huh?
Sachi: ...Perhaps it wasn't a "guess." She may have planned things out so that we had no real choice but to come here...
Amane: I see... Yeah, that does sound like something she'd do...
Amane: Anyway... it's nice to have our pick of the lot and all, but...
Narration: *None of these old cars looked particularly appealing, to be honest.*
Narration: *They had plenty of mini-trucks, mainly Majda Motor Cabs and Nuzuki Garrys... A number of sedans, including four hardtop Misan Glodias and a Laurel HT2000SGX...*
Narration: *And a row of hatchbacks, such as Majda Familio XGs and non-turbo Monda City models.*
Narration: *In other words, there wasn't a single car packing the sort of power they required.*
Amane: The only sporty car here... is that Bulsar Mirano X1, I guess... wish it was a GTI-R, at least...
Narration: *You could technically call the X1 a "hot hatch," but... This X1-E variant had a non-turbo OHC 16-valve 1500cc engine, meaning it was basically a car for old ladies.*
Narration: *Well, it did have 97 horsepower. Although that wasn't anything special for its size, nothing else in this junkyard could really compare. But just as she was about to select the X1, Amane sensed something out of place at her side.*
Amane: ...Hmmm?
Narration: *The source of this feeling seemed to be... a Toyoda Juet sitting next to the Bulsar in the hatchback corner.*
Amane: ...Huh...? Wait a second... this Juet...
Narration: *Could it be... a Taihatsu Nutoria...?*
Narration: *She hadn't noticed at first because it was painted dark green, but... it looked a bit like...*
Amane: A crossfour...!?
Narration: *Mudflaps hung loosely behind the tires; she could see a roll cage inside the passenger compartment. The back seat had been removed entirely.*
Narration: *Trying to slow her racing heart, Amane circled behind the car... and on its rear end, found the "X4" logo, along with the "TRS" sticker of the "Taihatsu Racing Service."*
Amane: Ah...!!!
Narration: *"To think I'd find you in a place like this..."*
Narration: *It felt something like running into a dear old friend at a train station...*
Narration: *Almost as if it had been waiting there for years, just for her.*
Narration: *Overwhelmed by shock and joy, Amane embraced the car with tears in her eyes.*
Amane: This one! I'll take her! Let me borrow this one!!
Narration: *Irritated by the trembling of her own hands, she hurriedly filled out the rental paperwork.*
Narration: *By the time the woman returned her license and handed her the keys, she'd managed to calm down at least a little.*
Narration: *The Taihatsu Nutoria X4...*
Narration: *To be certain, its endearingly round face and cheap, mini-car style interior made it the very picture of an "old-lady" vehicle.*
Narration: *But this unassuming appearance belied its true identity: a genuine sports car, boasting a 120-horsepower twin-turbo high-boost engine and an overall weight of only 840 kg.*
Narration: *In accordance with the rules for rally racing, its engine displacement came in at a rather unusual 713cc. But an obsessive focus on cutting weight (even the AC and audio system were optional) meant it had more than enough power.*
Narration: *It was, in short, a "micro-monster" ideally suited to zipping along mountain roads with lots of tight corners...*
Narration: *And its granny-mobile exterior appealed to its fans, who often covered the seats in white lace to play up the "wolf in sheep's clothing" angle.*
Amane: Is the engine compartment badly ventilated...? The water temp's rising fast...
Narration: *When she pressed down on the accelerator to see what would happen, the RPM rose only sluggishly, suggesting the engine's turbines were ridiculously large.*
Narration: *The numbers kept ticking up slowly, almost as if the fuel mixture was overly rich. But as soon as the engine reached 5000 RPM, the tachometer needle jumped fiercely upward, and the boost gauge shot up to 2.0 kPa.*
Amane: ...Geez, somebody's fussy... Guess we want to stay between 5000 and 8000, huh?
Narration: *With a car like this, you wanted to kick the clutch on even the tightest corners. But given how lightweight it was, if you happened to bump into something while turning into the curve... god only knows where you'd end up landing.*
Narration: *At the same time, she'd have to make sure not to decelerate or let the RPM needle fall too much. On the uphill curves in particular, there'd be a real danger of the engine stalling if her entry was anything less than perfect.*
Amane: You know, this thing might actually be pretty tricky...
Makina: C'moon, Chiruchiru! Get in the friggin' car!
Michiru: No waaaay! Not a chance! I swore I'd never get in a car with Amane again! It's not like it has to be me, right!? Why don't YOU do it, Makina!?
Makina: Sorry, but Thanatos said "Matsushima Michiru." You've gotta be the one who goes, Chiruchiru.
Michiru: Why the heck did she single me out!?
Makina: Who knows?
Sachi: Michiru-sama... please don't be selfish. I'll buy you something sweet later, all right?
Michiru: I'm not a kid, okay!? You're not gonna trick me that easy!
Sachi: You don't want your treat, then?
Michiru: ...What kinda treat...?
Sachi: You can choose. I'll buy you whatever you want... but only one, of course.
Michiru: ...Guuuh...
Amane: Could you guys maybe hurry it up with the negotiations? We don't have much time...
Michiru: Fine, fine! You want me to get in the car!? I'll get in the stupid car!
Sachi: ...Well then. Now that we've obtained Michiru-sama's enthusiastic consent, I'll leave the rest to you, Amane-san...
Narration: *With this, Sachi handed over Thanatos' phone, currently displaying an analog stopwatch. The time they had remaining was displayed in a separate counter on the bottom of the screen.*
Narration: *Amane promptly jammed it into one of the car's cup holders.*
Amane: Okay then, here goes! Sorry, but more people would make the car too heavy! I'm just gonna take Michiru for now!
Makina: Ama-nee! Be careful, you hear?
Amane: Yeah, I know!
Narration: *Nodding to Makina, Amane reached out and started the stopwatch timer.*
Amane: When the timer hits zero, I'm going to start. Did you fasten your seat belt yet?
Michiru: ...Uh, hold on... Amane... my stomach's still kinda queasy... ulp...
Amane: It's not like you've got anything left in there by now, right? We've got no time! I'll take it slow at first, so just deal with it!
Narration: *Moving the short-stroke shifter to put the car in first gear, Amane glanced behind her, then eased her car's round nose toward the main road outside the lot.*
Narration: *Flipping on her turn signal, she hit the brakes on the slanting sidewalk ramp...*
Narration: *...and keeping the car in a sprinter-style leaning "holeshot" stance, pushed the engine up toward 5000 RPM.*
Narration: *On the verge of reaching the "power band," she paused to double-check the area around her.*
Amane: Clear behind! Clear ahead! Still clear behind! Let's go, Michiru!
Michiru: Huh? Aren't you gonna take it slow!? That's what you said, right!?
Amane: Your definition of "slow" might be a little different from mine, Michiru. Five... four... three... two...
Michiru: ...I changed my mind! Let me out!!
Amane: Sorry, too late... Zero!!
Narration: *The very instant her stopwatch finished counting down, Amane roughly engaged the clutch.*
Narration: *The compact cross transmission let out a distinctive high-pitched whine. In less than three seconds, she'd burned right through first gear.*
Narration: *When she released the accelerator pedal and stepped on the clutch, exhaust from the turbines escaped audibly through the wastegate.*
Narration: *Quickly moving the shift knob, she stepped down on the accelerator once again; and in no time at all, she'd blown through second gear as well.*
Narration: *With a racing cross transmission like this one, the gap to third gear was wide, but fourth and fifth would come easily afterward. And even when changing gears, the engine kept moving at 7500 RPM, allowing for steady acceleration.*
Amane: Ooooh. She's actually jumping up a little! Is it because she's so light!? Nice! I can work with this!
Michiru: Let me ooout! I don't wanna goooo!!
Narration: *Michiru screamed; the engine howled; and the car rushed down the road, carrying two foolish young women in very different states of mind.*
Narration: *Thanatos had instructed them to bring Matsushima Michiru to the designated point within the allotted time. "Letting her out" clearly wasn't an option.*
Narration: *As the city streets flew past, all Michiru could do was wail in distress. Amane steered them through a series of back roads to the foot of the mountain they needed to cross; there, she stopped the car and got out to examine it.*
Michiru: ...Uboh... bleh...
Narration: *As soon as the vehicle came to a halt, Michiru tumbled out of it, grabbed her mouth, and began to retch once more.*
Narration: *By now she'd fully expelled the contents of her stomach, so only acid came up her throat.*
Narration: *Watching her unfortunate friend out of the corner of her eye, Amane squatted down next to their car and checked the condition of its tires.*
Narration: *S-tires like these were designed for racing, but they had a nasty tendency to lose their grip entirely when they got worn out.*
Amane: ...Hm, looks okay. The tires still have some life in them... They're nice and gooey now that we warmed 'em up.
Michiru: Uh-huh. Well, good for you. My stomach's feeling pretty "gooey" too... blurph. Are we there already?
Amane: ...What are you talking about? We're just about to get started.
Michiru: You're kidding, right...? I can't take any more... Nothing's even coming out when I puke...
Amane: You'll be fine. Just keep puking if you need to. Once you're past the pain, you'll start feeling much better.
Michiru: Uh, look... wouldn't that mean your brain decided "this is starting to get really dangerous"...?
Amane: We're less than 30 minutes away, so it'll all be over soon, okay? C'mon, get back in. 
Michiru: ...The game?
Amane: The car!
Narration: *Had this girl puked out her own brain fluid somehow...? For Michiru's sake, she clearly needed to finish this as quickly as possible.*
Narration: *Before moving into "serious mode," Amane flipped the intercooler sprayer switch, hoping to lower its temperature somewhat.*
Narration: *Generally speaking, you always wanted to keep your battery warm and your motor as "cool" as possible.*
Narration: *Bursts of cooling helped keep the air flowing into your engine stay dense, allowing for a greater concentration of oxygen in the air-fuel mixture - regaining you some of the power you'd lost due to heat.*
Narration: *That said, engines tended to return to their normal temperature within a few minutes of being cooled, so this sort of procedure was only marginally useful...*
Narration: *But Amane always thought the acceleration felt a bit more responsive for a while afterward, so it wasn't something she could totally dismiss.*
Narration: *After one quick final check of the car's condition, she glanced at her watch. 23 minutes were left.*
Narration: *Even for Amane, getting past this mountain in that amount of time wasn't going to be easy.*
Amane: ...So anyway, I'm gonna get serious now, okay?
Michiru: Wait, what!? You weren't "serious" before!?
Amane: Not really... To be honest, I've never really gone all-out with a passenger in the car before.
Michiru: ...Are we... gonna be okay...?
Amane: I think you've just gotta trust me. I mean, this is basically my home course... so it should be fine.
Narration: *―Before Amane came to Mihama, when she was helping out her family with their business, she'd always taken this exact road over the mountain to pick up eggs from a poultry farm on the other side.*
Narration: *Back then, her best time with the restaurant's mini-truck was 27 minutes and 32.07 seconds. Based on that... they just weren't going to make it.*
Narration: *But even so...*
Narration: *Behind the wheel of this car, she was definitely going to manage somehow.*
Narration: *The X4 had been designed from the ground up to complete in rally races on public roads; and for some time after its debut, nothing could compare to its power. Amane had the greatest possible confidence in it.*
Narration: *Though it didn't weigh any more than an average mini-truck, its engine had real horsepower. And rather than the 8-ply tires you'd find on an average mini, it had road-legal S-tires ideal for high-speed maneuvers.*
Narration: *Firmly fastening her 4-point harness and pressing her hips against the back of her seat, Amane switched herself into "time attack" mode.*
Amane: ...Three... two... one... zero! Start!
Narration: *Synchronizing with the countdown on her "tachymeter" (the phone sitting on her dashboard), she waited for the second hand to hit zero, then began the "race."*
Narration: *A sudden burst of power sent them shooting forward; some of it escaped to either side, making the X4's frame tremble and groan.*
Narration: *As the car accelerated explosively, its four shallow-tread high-performance tires tore at the road's surface. When she turned the steering wheel, Amane sensed through her seat that its weight had shifted onto the outer rear tire.*
Narration: *Just from the way the car moved, she could tell the exact condition of every tire.*
Amane: ...Very nice... that's what I call acceleration! Let's gooooo, cross four!!
Narration: *It felt as if her brain was melting... but not in a bad way.*
Narration: *For Suou Amane, acceleration was something like a narcotic.*
Narration: *As a baby, she'd sat on her father's knee and reveled in the speed of his car; a part of her associated the sound of an engine with the comfort of the womb. The faster she went, the closer she felt to heaven.*
Narration: *Amane had spent a lot of time behind the wheel of a front-heavy truck with a short wheelbase and little power. Its floppy chassis and unforgiving handling had taught her how to control the distribution of weight across her tires.*
Narration: *And of course, she'd driven this road countless times, under all possible conditions. When you threw in a genuinely powerful, maneuverable car like this one... it was almost unfair to everybody else, honestly.*
Amane: Attagirl... look at you climb... Man, turbo really is amazing! And these wheels move so nicely... It's so much easier when they're not pointlessly stiff!
Narration: *The key to success lay in this early uphill section, where her technical skills could gain her a few precious seconds here and there. It would essentially decide her total time.*
Narration: *The second half was downhill with a lot of straightaways, so the power of her car would be the only relevant factor. She had to gain as much time as she possibly could before then.*
Narration: *After barreling through a sharp right turn at the top of third gear, she threw the car into fourth while approaching the first "checkpoint" - a small store that sold general goods to campers.*
Narration: *She'd gotten through the first section more than four seconds ahead of her best mini-truck time.*
Narration: *The next problem was a small "jumping" spot just past the bridge over the Ryougoku River.*
Narration: *If you were going too fast when you hit that point, all four of your wheels would leave the road, and you'd end up losing speed. Better to ease up on the throttle instead.*
Narration: *Apart from hairpin turns, she didn't allow her tires to slide around. No reason to let any power escape to the side when it could be pushing you forward instead.*
Narration: *By the next checkpoint, a vending machine by the local liquor store, she'd gained another 2.5 seconds. A very nice pace. But just as Amane was thrilling at the prospect of victory, the tail of another car appeared in front of her.*
Beak-Nose: Yeah, but like I toldja, I gotta get t' this party, right?
Narration: *The vehicle in question was a Vugatti Biron - by all accounts, the single most powerful "super" sports car in the world.*
Narration: *As for the man driving this internationally famous machine... for the purposes of this episode, let us give him the name "Beak-Nose."*
Narration: *God only knows what exactly this individual did for a living, but he routinely purchased the most powerful cars he possibly could out of a rather inane desire to arrive at his friends' parties as quickly as humanly possible.*
Narration: *He'd only recently gotten his hands on the god-like, incredibly expensive monster he was currently driving. Naturally enough, he'd been on cloud nine for weeks.*
Beak-Nose: Ah, man... when I'm drivin' this baby, it feels like Schumacher himself couldn't touch me. Let me tell ya... when it comes ta supercars, it's all about the price tag, the horsepower, and th' silky-smooth handling!
Narration: *In short... having obtained this divine gift, the beak-nosed man was totally drunk on its power.*
Narration: *But just a moment ago, he'd noticed a small family car on the road behind him.*
Narration: *He was trying not to burn too much gas or wear out his tires, but the man was still moving at a very decent clip. So when he glanced in the rear-view mirror and saw that unassuming little vehicle approaching, he was dumbfounded.*
Beak-Nose: ...Yer kiddin', right? Where'd that car come from...? And how the heck is it even keepin' up with me...?
Beak-Nose: Awwright! Guess I'll show ya what Mr. Biron can do when he sets his mind to it!
Narration: *On even the briefest of straightaways, all you had to do was press down on the accelerator, and the Biron would accelerate as much you wanted.*
Narration: *On Japan's narrow highways, however, you couldn't keep the accelerator all the way down for even a single second. The next corner would be right in front of you in the blink of an eye.*
Beak-Nose: ...There! How d'ya like them apples, huh!?
Narration: *This was an ungodly expensive car, and it had power in proportion to its cost. Beak-Nose's confidence was absolute.*
Narration: *Certain that he'd left the small interloper far behind, he glanced into his mirror... only to find that the distance between them had actually shrunk. He could feel the hairs on the back of his neck standing up.*
Beak-Nose: Yer kiddin', right!? How's that possible!? What IS that thing!? It looks like somethin' yer cousin from the sticks would drive ya to the station in!!
Narration: *But for some reason, every time he went around a corner, it was getting closer and closer.*
Narration: *How could a granny-mobile like that be chasing down a Biron? It didn't make the slightest damn sense!*
Beak-Nose: There's nothin' on four wheels faster than a Biron! Nothin'! What the heck's goin' on!?
Narration: *Reality was bearing steadily down on him, but it was difficult for Beak-Nose to accept.*
Narration: *Whenever he touched the brake pedal to approach a corner, the endearing grilled "face" of the X4 grew larger and larger in his rearview mirror.*
Narration: *Its driver was taking advantage of the car's low weight to hit the brakes much later than him, more than compensating for their difference in horsepower.*
Narration: *Beak-Nose had forgotten one crucial advantage that any motor vehicle could possess: the nimbleness of a featherweight.*
Beak-Nose: ...Ya gotta be kiddin' me... I'm in a Biron, ya know...?
Narration: *By smugly assuming that expensive technology could render him invincible, the man had invited his own doom.*
Narration: *To Beak-Nose, the dark-green vehicle in his rearview mirror was no longer just a car. It was a Mitsubishi A6M fighter plane on the tail of his F4U Corsair - an enemy he couldn't shake off, no matter how he squirmed.*
Beak-Nose: ...It's a Zero... The Zero's back from th' dead!
Narration: *―A Zero was riding his ass.*
Narration: *For Beak-Nose, who'd grown up hearing his American grandfather's stories about his days as a fighter pilot, the thought was enough to fill him with absolute terror.*
Narration: *A trickle of cold sweat ran down his spine; in combination with the psychological pressure bearing down on him, it slowed his reaction time slightly.*
Beak-Nose: ...Guhh!!
Narration: *With the next corner approaching far too quickly, Beak-Nose hurriedly slammed on his brakes. The pedal vibrated beneath his feet as the electronic ABS activated.*
Narration: *When he finally moved his steering wheel, the Biron obediently turned its nose inward... but it was already too late.*
Narration: *In the very next instant, the dark-green "Zero" had pushed its goofy little snout into the slight gap he'd left on the inside of the curve.*
Beak-Nose: ...Whuh!? Are you serious!? That's dangerous, man!!
Narration: *Just as these words left Beak-Nose's mouth, he heard a rush of exhaust from the X4's wastegate as the driver changed gears. The sound was very, very close.*
Narration: *"Oh no! They're right next to me! We're gonna collide!"*
Narration: *The Biron had only just changed its bearing...*
Narration: *And given its unusual body, Beak-Nose didn't have a precise sense of how much space there was between the two vehicles. The fear of a high-speed collision left his hands frozen on the wheel.*
Beak-Nose: ...Crap! I'm not gonna finish th' turn!
Narration: *Once again, he was forced to slam down on the brakes - this time even harder than before. The Biron's speedometer needle dropped rapidly.*
Narration: *In the flash of an eye, the dark-green devil slipped ruthlessly past him.*
Narration: *It felt as if a murderous creature had lunged by with an awful smirk on its face... after swinging a bloody knife at his throat.*
Beak-Nose: Ugh...!!!
Narration: *His will to fight utterly broken, Beak-Nose sat like a statue in his luxurious seat. After a moment, he managed to swallow.*
Narration: *The adrenaline had drained from his body, and shivers were running down his spine. His foot eased off the accelerator; slowly and quietly, he pulled over into the shoulder.*
Narration: *As his hands left the steering wheel, he realized they were trembling. It felt as if he'd just awoken from a terrible nightmare.*
Narration: *But he knew the truth. That devilish thing... the "dark-green Zero"... was all too real.*
Narration: *He'd met a monster and survived. His mind was full of both relief and terror.*
Narration: *Wrapping his arms tightly around his leather steering wheel, Beak-Nose leaned forward and quietly wept.*
Date: *August 1, 2012, 10:29*
Narration: *Matsushima Michiru, still fastened into the "Zero's" passenger seat, had spent the ride staring into space with the expression of someone trying to force a sneeze. When she regained consciousness, the car had come to a stop.*
Michiru: ...Auuu... are we finally there...?
Amane: Well, I think the place on the map was right about here, but...
Narration: *Looking at her watch, Amane found they'd made it with 15 seconds to spare.*
Narration: *That said... they were currently sitting in the middle of a farm road, surrounded by fields. The only other human being in sight was a farmer who seemed to be taking a stroll with her cow.*
Michiru: That old lady with the cow's probably gonna give us the next hint!
Amane: Whaaat? Come on, that's just...
Michiru: I'm gonna go ask her!
Amane: Ah, wait... Michiru!?
Narration: *Ignoring Amane's attempts to stop her, Michiru leapt out of the car and ran over to the old woman.*
Amane: ...I mean, how is she even going to start this conversation...?
Michiru: "I'm Matsushima Michiru! Give me the hint! I'm Matsushima Michiruuu!"
Amane: Seriously!? You ever HEARD of subtlety!?
Narration: *Smacking the steering wheel with the back of her hand, Amane reflexively provided the obvious retort.*
Narration: *Naturally enough, the old lady with the cow was rather taken aback as well.*
CowLady: What'n th' blazes are you prattlin' on about? Didja mistake me fer someone else, maybe?
Michiru: Huh!? Wait, was I wrong!? What's going on!?
CowLady: Oh, I see. Yer touched in th' head or somethin', aren'tcha? There's some sanatorium over th' hill thataway. Why don'tja head over there and see what they can do?
CowLady: Poor thing. Yer obviously pretty dimwitted, aren'tcha? Just look what you did to yer hair...
Michiru: That's not it! I'm NOT stupid! I'm just... just...! Guuuh...
Narration: *Did she really look that dumb at a glance...? Was it her hair? As Michiru earnestly pondered whether to abandon the bottle-blonde way of life, something in the old woman's clothing began to emit an electronic jingle.*
CowLady: Oh? Why, that's m'phone. Pardon me a moment, dear...
Narration: *Reaching into her breast pocket, the cow lady took out a smartphone with a stylized apple on the back.*
CowLady: Howdy there. What's th' matter?
Narration: *Flicking at the screen forcefully, she pressed the phone to her ear. After a brief conversation, to which the old lady contributed only a few grunts, she turned back to stare at Michiru with a slightly dubious look in her eyes.*
CowLady: Yeah, there's some dirty-yellow kid standin' right here, but... ya really mean her...? Missy, what's yer name again?
Michiru: Matsushima! Matsushima Michiru!
CowLady: In that case, th' call's fer you!
Narration: *Michiru eagerly brought the old lady's phone to her ear. As expected, the voice on the other end of the line belonged to Thanatos.*
Thanatos: "Howdy there! It's yer pal, Thanatos!"
Michiru: Okay, what the heck!? Why did you make us come all the way out here!? There's nothing here!
Thanatos: "Well, I was testing your mobility, so the destination itself wasn't particularly important."
Thanatos: "Next up is the final test, so please do keep it up. Memorize what I'm about to tell you, all right?"
Michiru: O-Okay...
Thanatos: "30 kilometers to the east of your current position, there's a Toukai Line station called Higashi-Matsuhama. Your next task is to head over there."
Michiru: You made me come out here just to tell me that!? It would have taken five seconds to say that over the phone!!
Michiru: Why the heck did you lead us out here just so you could call some old cow-lady's phone instead!? I ended up embarrassing myself a little because of you! Just a little!!
Thanatos: "Well, you could've sent the phone to the destination by itself, which would have defeated the purpose of the test... So I used this method to ensure you were physically present at the goal line."
Thanatos: "Of course, it would have been fairly impressive if you'd found some way to have the phone shipped 40 kilometers that quickly... but that's not an option for the purposes of this exercise. Do you understand?"
Michiru: Not reaaaally!
Thanatos: "Good. That's fine. When you don't understand, just do exactly as I tell you. Is that clear, Matsushima Michiru?"
Michiru: Auuu...
Thanatos: "Auuu isn't what I'm looking for. You need to work on giving clear, yes-or-no answers."
Michiru: Yes, yes, yes! Fine! I just have to do what you say, right!?
Thanatos: "Exactly. Good girl. Well then, why don't you thank that nice 'cow lady' and move on to your next task? Pig."
Michiru: ...Huh? Did you just call me a pig?
Thanatos: "Of course not."
Michiru: Really? Was I just hearing things? Well, okay then...
Thanatos: "Get a move on, pig."
Michiru: Huh? Okay, you really did say pig, didn't you!?
Thanatos: "Piss-colored pig."
Michiru: What the... You're DEFINITELY saying it now, right!?
Narration: *In the very next instant, the phone call abruptly came to an end...*
Michiru: "Thaaaanaaatoooos!!!"
Narration: *And Michiru's howl of rage vanished unheard into the peaceful fields and the clear blue sky above them.*

Date: *August 1, 2012, 11:32 - Higashi-Matsuhama Station*
Narration: *People gather in many places - the dentist's office on Friday, the beach in summer - but "the station" is always a particularly popular choice.*
Narration: *About one hour after receiving her new orders, Michiru arrived at the train station she'd been directed to, and found it overflowing with pedestrians.*
Amane: Okay, Michiru. Here we are.
Michiru: Well, look at that. So you CAN drive normally when you want to...
Amane: Well, sure. It's not like a samurai walks around with their sword out at all times, right? It's the same thing.
Michiru: What are you even talking about?
Amane: Drawing your blade at the drop of a hat means you're just a dumb thug, basically.
Amane: Anyway... what are you supposed to do now that you're here?
Michiru: I don't know. She just told me to go to the station, that's it.
Amane: What? Why?
Michiru: I'm telling you, I've got no clue! Can you stop asking me!?
Amane: Hey, Michiru, phone's ringing...
Michiru: I know, I know...
Michiru: ...Yeah. Hello?
Thanatos: "Goodness, it sounds like someone isn't too pleased with me. Why don't you approach this a bit more cheerfully? Joy in your heart, a dance in your step..."
Michiru: Excuse me!? It's your own fault! You called me a pig! Like... three times!!
Thanatos: "Only because you whine and squeal every time you open your mouth."
Michiru: I want an apology! Right now!!
Thanatos: "All right. My apologies to the pigs."
Michiru: That's NOT what I meant!!
Thanatos: "Well then, you're starting to grate on my nerves now, so I'm just going to move forward. As of this point, you'll be acting alone."
Thanatos: "Incidentally, Matsushima Michiru, are you any good at dancing?"
Michiru: ...Dancing?
Thanatos: "Yes. Like the waltz, for example."
Michiru: I've never danced that in my life...
Thanatos: "I see. In that case, I'll teach you. First of all, look at the compass on that cell phone and turn to the west - 247 degrees."
Michiru: ...Huh? Two hundred... what?
Thanatos: "247 degrees. There's a shop about twenty meters away, correct?"
Michiru: Oh. Yeah...
Thanatos: "Now look at the floor. Following the seam between the tiles, take eleven steps forward."
Michiru: Eleven steps...?
Thanatos: "There's no need to rush; walk at your normal speed. Just make sure you don't take any more than eleven paces."
Michiru: ...Uhm... one... two... three...
Thanatos: "Don't count out loud. Do it in your head. Oh, and you're not allowed to use your fingers, either."
Michiru: This's tricky...
Thanatos: "What's the current time, Matsushima-san?"
Michiru: ...Huh? Uh... it's 11:36 AM...
Thanatos: "Thank you. Incidentally, how many steps have you taken?"
Michiru: Uwah!? I forgot!!
Thanatos: "The answer is seven. You really are an idiot, aren't you...?"
Michiru: Oh, shut up! You're the one who distracted me!
Thanatos: "Pipe down and keep walking. Four more steps."
Michiru: Seven... eight... nine... ten... eleven...
Thanatos: "I told you not to count out loud."
Michiru: What!? Was I speaking again!?
Thanatos: "...Never mind. Take another half-step forward. You've got short legs to go with that tiny brain, I see..."
Michiru: Gaaah... what the heck did I do to deserve this...?
Thanatos: "Now then, turn to the north, 340 degrees. Take four steps, then come to a halt."
Michiru: Look, can you actually give me an explanation here!? Why are you making me do this!?
Thanatos: "Just do as I say."
Michiru: Fine, fine, fine! One! Two! Three! Four! Happy now!?
Thanatos: "Keep your normal pace. You took longer strides this time, didn't you? That grimy blonde hair of yours is showing up on camera."
Michiru: Uh, "camera"?
Thanatos: "Turn your face to the right and take a look up. There's a semispherical object in the ceiling, see? That's a security camera. I've been guiding you around in order to keep you out of their fields of vision."
Michiru: ...Wait, why? Huh? Who cares if some camera sees me?
Thanatos: "You're going to war with this country, remember? Thoughtlessly showing that dopey face of yours to a security camera would be a bad idea."
Thanatos: "Japan's live cameras are my eyes. And if I can see you, that means the government can see you. Any record of your presence can be used as material evidence against you. Do you understand?"
Michiru: Nope! I don't get it!
Thanatos: "That's quite all right. For the moment, just move exactly as I tell you, okay?"
Michiru: Ooh! Hey, that shop's selling salted squid!
Thanatos: "Don't take a step! Listen to what I'm telling you, for heaven's sake!"
Narration: *In recent years, the term "tsundere" had enjoyed growing usage on various social networks, and was now increasingly accepted as part of the Japanese language.*
Narration: *Naturally, Thanatos was familiar with the term. Given that there were fixed "rules" and behavioral patterns involved, she'd assumed that such individuals would be easy to deal with; by now, she was aware of how wrong she'd been.*
Narration: *In practice, the tsundere was an aggravatingly unmanageable creature. And it didn't help that Matsushima Michiru was personally prone to sudden and dramatic mood swings. On the whole... this was well more than she'd bargained for.*
Narration: *Somewhat belatedly, Thanatos was beginning to realize that referring to someone as a "tsundere" was really just a roundabout way of calling them a "royal pain in the ass."*
Thanatos: "...Sigh..."
Narration: *In the face of a problem so thorny that pass after pass of calculation and simulation ended in failure, sometimes even an ultra-advanced supercomputer simply had to sigh.*
Narration: *Of course, since "sighing in exasperation" was a quintessentially "human" display of emotion, some might even have considered that proof of Thanatos' "perfection."*
Thanatos: "...I suppose I'll just have to learn how to account for these fluctuations over time... Rather intriguing, really."
Michiru: Huh?
Thanatos: "Turn to 240 degrees southwest and take three steps."
Michiru: Oh, right, okay. 240 degrees southwest, right...? One... two... three...
Thanatos: "...Good. Stop there."
Michiru: ...Here?
Michiru: Haaugh!!
Pedestrian: Oh... excuse me...
Thanatos: "That was your fault for stopping so suddenly. At least take a look behind you beforehand..."
Michiru: Auuugh! But you TOLD me to stop!!
Thanatos: "You know... if I'd actually told you to take a look over your shoulder first, I get the feeling you'd have walked right into someone in front of you..."
Michiru: I'm not that stupid, okay!?
Foreign Tourist: <Hey! Could you tell me the way?>
Michiru: Nwhuh!?
Thanatos: "It's just a tourist asking for directions. Probably singled you out because of your hair color, I'd imagine."
Michiru: Aaah... uugh... uhm... what should I say to her?
Thanatos: "Didn't your 'heart' live in America, according to your little story? I assume she can speak English."
Michiru: Don't call that a "story"! She really is from America!
Thanatos: "In that case, stop wasting time and let her take over."
Michiru: ...F-Fine, then... uhm... <I'm sorry... I don't know... this area... very well.>
Foreign Tourist: <Oh... OK. Thank you...>
Thanatos: "That was some of the clumsiest, most awkward English I've heard in quite a while..."
Michiru: Oh, shut up... Even if you're living in America, you don't need to use English that much in a Japanese community!
Thanatos: "...Or so the story goes."
Michiru: Stop saying that!
Thanatos: "Well, whatever. At least you can hold a conversation of sorts. That might be useful later."
Michiru: I really don't feel like this argument is over yet...
Thanatos: "That's a pity, but I don't see any need to convince you. Take a look to your right."
Michiru: Hm? My right?
Thanatos: "Made you loooook."
Michiru: ...Uhm, can I go home now?
Thanatos: "It was just a joke. It seems you know the difference between your left and your right, at least."
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait, do you seriously think I'm that dumb...?
Thanatos: "You can see a row of coin lockers to the right of your current position, yes?"
Michiru: Yeah, I see them.
Thanatos: "Walk over to them, please. Naturally, there are security cameras watching those lockers as well, but... right now, I'm feeding them a loop of fake images, so you don't need to worry about being seen."
Michiru: Wait, what!? Then why didn't you just do that to all the cameras from the start!? You made me walk in circles all around the station for no reason! I could've just come right over here!
Thanatos: "It's just a short loop of actual footage pieced together to look relatively convincing. It won't fool anyone for too long. Anyway, just go over there and open your locker already."
Michiru: Wait, how? I don't have a key...
Thanatos: "Check your pocket."
Michiru: ...Huh?
Narration: *Reaching tentatively into her pocket, Michiru found an unfamiliar key within it.*
Michiru: When did that get there!?
Thanatos: "You bumped into someone a minute ago, remember? That's when."
Thanatos: "It was the same with this cell phone, actually. You're the most oblivious of the group's members, so it's easiest to plant things on your person."
Thanatos: "Tell me... when you were younger, did your classmates ever stick a piece of paper on your back with the word 'moron' written on it?"
Michiru: O-Of course not!
Thanatos: "Oh, really? For some reason, I have a mental image of you sitting through class with a friend's footprint on the back of your school uniform... completely oblivious to the fact that everyone's snickering at you."
Michiru: Stop making these weirdly accurate guesses!! What are you, a mind-reader!?
Thanatos: "Just open the locker already."
Michiru: ...Fine, fine... geez...
Narration: *All she had to do was check the tag attached to her key and locate the locker marked with the same number. But even with a task this simple, you couldn't help feeling a bit concerned when Matsushima Michiru was involved.*
Narration: *If a woman like this were to graduate and get a job at the local power plant... everyone who knew her would be sweating buckets every time they flipped a light switch. She might have some potential as an energy-conservation tool.*
Thanatos: "Did you find the right locker?"
Michiru: Oh. Yeah, here it is!
Narration: *Pushing her key into the locker's keyhole, she gave it a turn and opened the little door.*
Narration: *A single piece of paper was taped up inside.*
Narration: *"Don't turn around."*
Narration: *Naturally enough, Michiru was rather puzzled by this strange message.*
Michiru: Huh? Wait, what's this about?
Narration: *As the words left her mouth, she reflexively turned around to look behind her... just as a worker carrying an aluminum stepladder happened to be passing by.*
Narration: *All too predictably, the ladder hit Michiru in the head with a magnificent "thunk," causing her neck to bend in a highly unnatural fashion.*
Michiru: ...Ogufh!
Worker: Oh. Sorry 'bout that.
Michiru: Gwooh... guh... wooh... whoooh...
Narration: *Clutching her head in her hands, Michiru collapsed to the ground and began to convulse like a fish tossed up on the shore.*
Thanatos: "The paper said not to turn around, didn't it...? Why on earth would you do so anyway...? I'm not too familiar with the tsundere species, but perhaps you're just contrarians by nature?"
Michiru: Nwoooohoo... ghoh! Nhoooh...
Thanatos: "Well, if it really is that simple, I suppose I can account for that from now on..."
Michiru: ...Hic... hic hic... eegh... geh...
Thanatos: "Excuse me... are you listening to what I'm saying? Did you die, perhaps?"
Michiru: I am NOT dead!!
Thanatos: "Wonderful news. In that case, get up off the floor."
Michiru: Okay, look! You're just bullying me now, right!?
Thanatos: "Yes, but I learned a great deal about you in the process. My apologies for the harsh treatment."
Michiru: Huh...? Uh... right...
Thanatos: "Anyway, go ahead and tear down that piece of paper that's hanging inside the locker. There's another key taped on the back of it, correct?"
Michiru: Oh... yeah, there is...
Thanatos: "That's the key to the next locker over. Open it up and take a look inside."
Michiru: ...Nnngh...
Thanatos: "It's all right, I don't have any more surprises in store. You're at the finish line."
Michiru: That's not a lie, right...? I'm going to take you at your word...
Narration: *Michiru opened the second locker slowly and fearfully, half-expecting something to pop out at her like a jack in the box. But as Thanatos had promised, there were no traps inside - only four cell phones.*
Michiru: ...Phones?
Thanatos: "That's right, phones. Ones that can't be monitored by the Thanatos System's SIGINT."
Michiru: What's, uh... Sigg-int?
Thanatos: "Essentially, it's an intelligence-gathering network based on intercepting communications. Whenever you have a chat on your cell phone, or even so much as send someone a text, you're exposing yourself to the System's surveillance."
Michiru: Oh, right, I think Yumiko said something about this too... but is that really even possible?
Thanatos: "It's possible, yes. On a basic level, the system detects words or phrases that appear in a list maintained by the government, and then records the relevant communications."
Thanatos: "For example, if someone uses a search engine to look for information on building a time bomb... There's a good chance they'll fall into our web and have all of their activities recorded, without even realizing it's happening."
Thanatos: "Additionally, if you say the phrase 'bank robbery' in a telephone call... both you and the person on the other end of the line will be instantly identified, your names recorded, and the nature of your conversation analyzed."
Michiru: That's incredible!! That's, like... really incredible!!
Thanatos: "Well... that said, you only catch rather small fish with nets like those... Anyone who's halfway clever will be using codewords or euphemistic language, so you don't get many helpful results..."
Thanatos: "But in any case, if you use these phones the system won't be able to trace you. Make sure to only communicate through them from now on."
Michiru: Huh? Wait, you're giving them to us for free!?
Thanatos: "Yes, of course. The machines themselves are zero yen, and there's no call or data charges. You can talk as long as you like, and send all the messages you want."
Michiru: Yay!
Thanatos: "However... although they allow communication between you five, they can't be used to call other telephones."
Michiru: Wait, seriously!? They're not good for much, then. Now I'm mad I got excited...
Thanatos: "What does it matter? It's not like there's anyone else you'd want to call, is there?"
Michiru: Guh... yeah, but that's not the point!!
Narration: *She was perfectly aware she didn't have many friends, but when someone went out of their way to point it out, it still offended her.*
Narration: *In this respect - among many others - Matsushima Michiru was an exceptionally "difficult" person.*
Narration: *At the end of the day, that was probably just her nature.*
Date: *August 1, 2012, 12:41 - Houseboat*
Michiru: ...So anyway, I got cell phones for all five of us.
Makina: Bleeech... they're all plain black? Weren't there any other colors? These things are total turn-offs... Kinda reminds me of Yumi-chan's phone.
Yumiko: Yes, yes! Pardon me for being so boring!!
Thanatos: "Well, I went with these on the assumption that a neutral black or silver would be the safest choice... Would you have preferred something else?"
Makina: I woulda gone fer a cuter color, ta be honest...
Thanatos: "I see... What sort of color, specifically...?"
Makina: Hmm. Pink, maybe?
Amane: You really do love that color, don't you...? Whenever you can't decide what outfit to choose, you always seem to go with something pink...
Thanatos: "All right then. From now on, I'll try to supply Irisu-san with pink equipment where possible."
Amane: Sorry, we didn't mean to sound ungrateful...
Thanatos: "It's all right."
Yumiko: ...Anyway, you've now demonstrated that you possess a monstrous ability to manipulate information, but...
Thanatos: "Monstrous...? Well, I suppose I am essentially a disembodied brain, so the term 'monster' might not be inappropriate... but I'd appreciate it if you used somewhat more diplomatic language."
Yumiko: Oh... I'm sorry... but, er, in any case. The test's over now, correct? Are you ready to fill us in on this operation of yours?
Thanatos: "Not quite yet. Don't be so hasty."
Yumiko: ...You're the one who said we don't have much time.
Thanatos: "When you don't have time to waste, you can't afford to be making foolish miscalculations. That's why I tested you in the first place."
Yumiko: We did complete the test, didn't we?
Thanatos: "Yes. But before the actual operation begins, there are two things I need to ask you."
Thanatos: "First and foremost... I want to know your primary objective."
Yumiko: That would be the recovery of Kazami Yuuji, of course...
Thanatos: "You want to recover him alive, I imagine?"
Yumiko: Yes. And unharmed, if at all possible.
Thanatos: "...How much are you prepared to sacrifice in the pursuit of that goal?"
Yumiko: Excuse me...?
Thanatos: "For example... would you be prepared to allow a plan where we plant a bomb on Matsushima Michiru's person and have her throw herself suicidally at Heath Oslo?"
Makina: So be it! We won't hesitate ta do what it takes!
Michiru: Can't you hesitate at least a little!? There's no WAY I could do that! God! What kind of a plan is that!? I'd punch you in the face if we weren't talking over the phone!
Makina: Don'tcha worry, Chiruchiru. I won't let ya go into th' great beyond by yerself! I'll be right there dyin' with ya!
Michiru: Uh, no! No! No! Are you crazy or what!? Huh!? Is that really the only plan we've got!?
Thanatos: "I'm an idiot... a useless idiot! So... this is the only way I can heeelp!! KABOOM. Sounds a bit romantic, doesn't it?"
Michiru: You can take your "romance" and stick it where the sun don't shine!!
Thanatos: "...Hrm?"
Michiru: Don't "hrm" me!
Thanatos: "...In other words, you don't want to take part in activities that could result in your deaths?"
Yumiko: Yes, that's true. I do understand that there's no such thing as a low-risk, high-return plan in this world, but... we'd appreciate it if you could attempt to minimize the danger we'll be facing, to whatever degree possible...
Thanatos: "I'm afraid that approach leads to costs and benefits that offset each other. The outcomes will fall into the realm of classic equilibrium theory... You won't lose everything, but you won't have any great successes, either."
Michiru: ...Then what are we supposed to do...?
Sachi: Perhaps there's no choice but to send Michiru-sama off on her suicide mission...
Michiru: Okay, seriously! Why is the default assumption that I have to be sacrificed!?
Thanatos: "One squealing moron, or Kazami Yuuji... which will you choose? Please discuss the matter carefully, everyone..."
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait... no way... are you serious...?
Thanatos: "It's just a joke, of course."
Michiru: Thaaaaanatoooooos!!
Thanatos: "Ahaha. I'm sorry. But for a moment there... you were genuinely considering it, weren't you?"
Michiru: T-That's n...!
Thanatos: "It's all right. I rather like that earnest simplicity of yours, and I think it makes you a valuable asset to this group. Rest assured... you may be an imbecile, but you're a lovable imbecile."
Michiru: I've got seriously mixed feelings about this!!
Amane: So... all that said... how are we supposed to fight...?
Thanatos: "Fighting isn't an option."
Thanatos: "Amateurs don't stand a chance against professionals, much less an entire country. And if you're concerned about your survival, it's even more hopeless. They'll tear through you like wet tissue paper if you try a simple assault."
Makina: Well, what th' heck else are we supposed ta do...?
Thanatos: "Look here... to be blunt, you people are talking about committing an act of treason against your country. You do know that, right?"
Thanatos: "And that's not the sort of thing a few powerless students with no support should be planning. You can understand that as well, I hope?"
Makina: We chose ta walk this path of our own free will, ya know!? I left th' right to a peaceful life inside my mama's belly! An obstacle or two ain't about ta scare me off!
Thanatos: "Uh, yes. Right... I'm sure that's true."
Thanatos: "I hate to play the grown-up killjoy after a stirring, passionate remark like that, but... this probably needs to be said, so I suppose you'll just have to forgive me."
Thanatos: "A crime like this is out of your league. If you want to 'fight the man,' I'd recommend shoplifting."
Thanatos: "No matter what you may have experienced, you're ultimately a group of children, not a gang of hardened criminals."
Makina: You wanna go!?
Thanatos: "Sakaki Yumiko, do you have any thoughts...?"
Yumiko: ...I'm afraid I can't deny your point...
Michiru: What the heck...? You kept talkin' like you were gonna make some fancy plan, but all yer givin' us is a lousy lecture...
Thanatos: "I'm not sure why you feel the need to blame me. Do you really think people who won't put their lives on the line can accomplish something of this scale?"
Sachi: When you put it that way, it's difficult to argue... Perhaps we should reconsider the suicide bombing...
Michiru: Drop it! Can you just drop that idea for a minute!?! Please!?!
Thanatos: "You're not able to risk your lives... Well then, let me ask you this instead. Are you willing to risk everything else...?"
Amane: ...What do you mean?
Thanatos: "I'm asking if you're prepared to abandon not just your families and possessions, but even your names and identities... All the things you've ever held dear, basically."
Thanatos: "If it means you can be reunited with Kazami Yuuji without losing your lives, can you cast absolutely everything else aside?"
Amane: ...We wouldn't be here otherwise... And anyway, I've already made up my mind. I'm not going to run away this time...
Thanatos: "Goodness, that's a problem... I'm going to need you to run away as fast as you can, or this isn't going to work..."
Amane: ...Huh?
Thanatos: "Listen carefully. In the near future, Kazami Yuuji will be transported from Ichigaya to Akasaka for the purpose of his court-martial. I intend to have you people snatch him away before he reaches his destination."
Yumiko: ...You want us to "snatch" him?
Thanatos: "Yes, that's right. I haven't finalized the exact details of the plan just yet, but once you seize Kazami Yuuji's person, you're going to run away rather than attempting to fight."
Thanatos: "If you get away safely, then you win. If you're caught, then you lose. Nice and simple, don't you think?"
Thanatos: "Right now, I might compare you five to a group of truly idiotic zebras... You saw a lion grab one of your children, and now you're trying to get it back..."
Thanatos: "If you fail, you know you'll be eaten too; but even so, you can't bring yourselves to give up. You're exceptionally foolish creatures..."
Thanatos: "However, there's one critical respect in which your situation differs from that of the zebras."
Thanatos: "Should you be captured in the end, instantly desist any attempts at resistance. At the very least, you won't lose your lives."
Thanatos: "Before anything else, I need you to promise me that you'll do this. If you're unable to do so, then I'll have to retract this offer."
Thanatos: "The price you'll pay for breaking your word would be the loss of your own future... Don't ever forget that. Are you willing to make this promise?"
Yumiko: ...All right. On behalf of the group, I promise we won't resist...
Thanatos: "Very well then... As of this moment, I'm prepared to recognize you as weak but trustworthy tools..."
Thanatos: "On that note, I think I've kept you waiting long enough. Why don't we get this operation underway...?"
Yumiko: Wait a moment!
Thanatos: "What's the matter?"
Yumiko: A few minutes ago, you said there were "two things" you needed to ask us before the operation begins, correct?
Thanatos: "Yes, that's true."
Yumiko: Your first question concerned our objective...
Yumiko: But what was the second thing you wanted to know?
Thanatos: "Ah... you're curious about that? Do you need to hear it right now?"
Yumiko: You're the one who implied it was important.
Thanatos: "Are you sure you want to do this while everyone else is around?"
Yumiko: Wait a second... what exactly are you planning to ask me...?
Thanatos: "It's a very plain and simple question, but... Sakaki Yumiko, do you love Kazami Yuuji?"
Yumiko: ...Excuse me!? W-Where did that come from!?
Thanatos: "Well, all of the others clearly love Kazami Yuuji a great deal, and that's also the reason they're participating in this absurdly ambitious mission of yours..."
Thanatos: "But unlike your friends, you haven't given any obvious sign of romantic interest in him. It seems possible that you might have assumed a leadership role in this group solely to keep the others from doing anything foolish."
Thanatos: "Love is difficult to quantify, and given that I'm not clear on the nature of your feelings, your presence represents something of an unpredictable variable... Which increases the odds of an unforeseen outcome by a factor of 2.3."
Thanatos: "Accordingly, I was planning to discreetly ask you about your feelings at a later point in time, but... Well, we've already come this far, so you might as well just say it in front of everyone."
Narration: *Once Thanatos had delivered this inquiry - which bore a strange resemblance to the sort of teasing you might get from a classmate on the night of a class trip - Yumiko drew a long, deep breath.*
Narration: *Closing her eyes, she paused briefly as if to review her own feelings... then opened her mouth and spoke.*
Yumiko: ...I love him, of course.
Thanatos: "Romantically?"
Yumiko: Yes, romantically. Why else would I have gotten myself mixed up in a mess like this?
Thanatos: "How surprising. I was expecting you to be a bit more flustered."
Yumiko: Well, I'd rather not be teased endlessly about it. And all you really wanted was a clear yes or no answer, correct?
Thanatos: "Very well. Thank you for enlightening me."
Thanatos: "All right then, everyone. Are you ready to leave the everyday lives you've enjoyed until now behind you forever?"
Everyone: ...Yes!!
Thanatos: "My, that was a nice chorus. Well then, let's begin the operation..."

Date: *August 1, 2012, 12:55 - "Ichigaya"*
Narration: *About the same time this was happening... Chiara Farrell was paying a visit to the special detainment area for high-ranking individuals located within Ichigaya's headquarters.*
Narration: *Striding up to the reception window for the central guard station, she knocked on its counter. *
Narration: *On the other side, separated from her by a thick sheet of glass with small holes in it, she saw the guard on duty sitting with his feet up on the desk... listening to loud music on his earphones and perusing a girlie magazine.*
Chiara: ...Chiara Farrell, Auxiliary Section Chief in the Central Intelligence Department's Second Division. I'm here to see Major Harudera Yuria in cell four.
Guard: ...Huh? What was that?
Narration: *Blinking up at her, the guard slowly pulled his earphones out of his ears.*
Chiara: Are you deaf!? I'm here to visit Major Harudera!!
Narration: *This time Chiara pressed her forehead against the window and shouted, her breath leaving a small white cloud on the glass.*
Guard: You don't have to scream at me, lady! I can hear you just fine! Christ! Who's visiting who, then?
Chiara: Apparently you CAN'T hear me!
Guard: God, you're a pain in the ass... Look, see that notebook? Open it up and write down the current time, your name and assignment, and the name of the person you want to see.
Chiara: You could have said that from the start...
Narration: *Grumbling irritably to herself, Chiara grabbed the notebook and filled out the required information.*
Narration: *When she handed it to the guard, he entered a few numbers into a "retro" computer system with an ancient green-screen monitor, then turned to a microphone and imperiously announced "Cell four, you've got a visitor."*
Guard: ...Enter through the door to the right. Use visiting room one. You've got fifteen minutes.
Narration: *Taking a key that had been hanging around his neck, he pushed it into the detention ward's control panel and pressed the button for "Cell 4."*
Narration: *With the drone of a buzzer and the flash of a green light, a door near the back of the ward noisily unlocked itself.*
Narration: *Chiara opened the door leading into the detention area itself, noting that it only had a knob on the outside. The hallway within was oddly chilly.*
Narration: *Following the guard's instructions, she entered the visitor room marked with the number "1" - where she found only a single cheap folding chair.*
Narration: *"Guess I'm supposed to... take a seat and wait?"*
Narration: *While Chiara had been working under Harudera for two years by now, this was her first time in the "special area" where Ichigaya detained valuable witnesses and politically influential individuals.*
Narration: *There were a number of security cameras trained on her, but she wasn't accompanied by an actual guard.*
Narration: *That seemed a little strange at first, but on second thought... the sort of people who'd be locked up in here probably weren't too eager to attempt a "jailbreak," given that their safety was guaranteed inside their cells.*
Narration: *The plain white walls weren't as intimidating as she'd expected, either. It felt more akin to a hospital than a prison.*
Narration: *She'd imagined her shaggy-headed boss locked up in a damp and dismal place, holding her knees and sobbing in the dark... So it was something of a relief to see that wasn't quite the case.*
Narration: *A moment later, the "shaggy" superior in question made her appearance.*
Narration: *Through the sheet of glass that separated their visiting rooms, Chiara saw a familiar blonde woman step through the door and into the light.*
Narration: *Harudera Yuria looked much the same as ever, except for the embarrassed little smile on her face.*
JB: ...Howdy, Chiara. Thanks for stopping by...
Chiara: Chief!!
Narration: *As her mentor shuffled awkwardly forward like a teenager who'd shown up late for a date, Chiara leapt to her feet and spoke more loudly than she'd meant to.*
Chiara: Don't you "howdy" me! What on earth is going on around here!?
Narration: *Only a few hours ago, Chiara had been sitting in her office, performing her usual duties.*
Narration: *She'd been gazing at the clock, absentmindedly wondering why "the boss" was so late today, when someone told her that Section Chief Harudera had been taken into custody outside her apartment building.*
Narration: *Chiara had tried to find out what was going on, but the matter had been heavily classified, and details were difficult to come by.*
Narration: *All she knew was that Harudera had been removed from her position as Kazami Yuuji's case officer and stripped of her rank as a section chief. Rumor had it that she'd be shipped back to Langley within a few days.*
Narration: *Having learned that much, Chiara simply had to speak with her boss directly.*
Narration: *She'd pulled all the strings she possibly could, and somehow managed to get permission for a brief meeting in order to "discuss the transition process."*
JB: ...Ahaha, sorry... guess it was a bit of a shock, huh?
Chiara: Uh, that's putting it mildly...
Narration: *Now that she was finally face-to-face with the chief - who seemed to be in surprisingly good spirits, and looked even more nonchalant than usual - Chiara felt the tension draining from her body.*
Narration: *Her legs trembling slightly, she collapsed down onto her uncomfortable chair.*
Chiara: I hear you're no longer Kazami Yuuji's case officer, or a section chief... and that they're sending you back to Langley in a few days. Is it true...?
JB: Well, yes. It's true...
Chiara: But why? This is all so sudden!
JB: Hmmm... I'm afraid it isn't too easy to explain...
JB: First of all, there's the fact that Kazami Yuuji is deeply involved in a matter the company's currently giving its full attention...
JB: I mean, you saw the video from that attack on the consulate... and they've confirmed that it wasn't altered or falsified.
JB: Apparently, the situation as a whole is even more grave than I knew. Having his case officer around would have presented a bit of an obstacle...
Chiara: An obstacle...? You can't be serious! What are you going to do now!?
JB: Hmm? What do you mean?
Chiara: Uh, haven't you heard!? Kazami Yuuji's going to be transported to Akasaka for an expedited court-martial within the next few days!
JB: So it seems, yes.
Chiara: Are you going to let that happen? They'll almost certainly sentence him to death, as retaliation for Oslo's attack on the consulate...
JB: Well, the whole reason they've locked me up is to make sure I can't give any inconvenient testimony at that hearing.
Chiara: What's the plan, then?
JB: Beats me. A firing squad, I suppose?
Chiara: I'm not asking you how they're going to kill him! Don't you want to do something!?
JB: It's not exactly my decision to make, now is it?
JB: You know... if there's one thing Kazami Yuuji hates, it's seeing women suffer because of him. Even if I could take action on his behalf, anything but an ideal outcome would only cause him pain...
JB: Asako's death was hard enough. I don't want to burden him with any more guilt or sadness...
JB: And more importantly, it seems that he's ready and willing to die...
Chiara: ...That's... just ridiculous!
JB: I'm not sure exactly why you're so outraged, but he's hardly the first person we've sacrificed for our country. It's happened numerous times before.
JB: But you know that, don't you? You've read the files. Our agents in the field need the strength to pull the trigger. And we need the strength to harden our hearts... Didn't I teach you how fundamental that is?
Chiara: ...Well... yes, you did...
Chiara: You'll never get anywhere if you start sympathizing. Show someone a sign of weakness, and they'll take advantage of you. No exceptions... even if they cry and beg, say "it's just part of the job" and do what has to be done...
Chiara: If you can't manage that, then you're not cut out for this... That's what you always said, Chief...
Chiara: But... are you really all right with this...?
JB: It's not all bad from my perspective. Once I'm back in Langley, they'll be giving me a deputy-chief position and a captain's salary. Pretty nice promotion, really.
Chiara: That's... basically just hush money, isn't it...?
JB: In an organization like this one, it pays to think carefully before you act.
Chiara: ...I can't believe you, Chief... I thought you were better than these people...
JB: ...Come on, don't say that. You'll just get yourself mixed up in this ugly mess too.
Narration: *Averting her eyes from Chiara's with an irritated scowl, JB stuck out her tongue slightly at the surveillance camera watching them from a corner of the ceiling.*
JB: Then again, I suppose it isn't as bad as all that. They've got cable TV in here, so I can watch all the movies I want... and there's beer and pizza, too.
Chiara: Is there nothing I can do...?
JB: Hmm... well, let's see. Would you mind feeding my puppy? I don't think I'll be getting out of here any time soon, so...
Chiara: Your puppy...? Since when did you have a pet, Chief?
Chiara: ...Oh, wait... are you talking about Yuuzo? In VPL?
JB: Exactly!♪ I'd appreciate it if you cleaned his doghouse, too.
Chiara: ...All right.
JB: It's not like you've got much else to do in CIRS without me around, right?
Chiara: That's not true. They've been sending us a bunch of tricky little jobs today, and things have gotten really hectic. A lot of the orders aren't particularly clear, and we don't have anyone who knows what's really going on...
Chiara: It's been pretty sobering to realize just how dependent we were on you, Chief...
JB: That's what you get for passing me all the annoying work. I'm counting on you, all right?
Chiara: ...To feed your dog?
JB: That's right, to feed my dog. I'm not asking you for anything else.
Chiara: Understood, ma'am.
Narration: *Just as Chiara was rising from her chair, the door behind her opened, and the guard came in to inform her that their time had expired.*
Narration: *Nodding slightly to the guard, Chiara turned to get one last look at her "Chief"... and found Harudera waving with the simpering smile of a shady cookie-saleswoman, an expression she usually reserved for casual after-work outings.*
Narration: *"...What on earth is the chief thinking...?"*
Narration: *As she rode the elevator up from the special detainment area to the floor where her office was located, Chiara struggled to put the pieces together.*
Narration: *Chief Harudera had been taken into custody for reasons that still weren't exactly clear.*
Narration: *Under the circumstances, she'd expected to be given some kind of instructions for her to carry out on the chief's behalf.*
Narration: *Of course, that visiting room was being monitored, so any blatantly suspicious requests might have gotten Chiara locked up as well.*
Narration: *Even so... feeding a "dog" wasn't the kind of mission she'd been anticipating.*
Narration: *Harudera often referred to Kazami Yuuji as a "dog of the state" as a joke, so Chiara had suspected she was trying to give her some coded orders related to him. But after she remembered "Yuuzo," that theory went out the window.*
Narration: *As far as Chiara knew, the only "puppy" the chief owned was an imaginary one. *
Narration: *Specifically: a digital pet.*
Narration: *About a year ago, they'd become exceptionally popular within the company.*
Narration: *The fad began when a certain application was distributed to all intelligence division staff. *
Narration: *The name of the app was "Virtual Pet Life (VPL) Version 1.05." It was part of the connection tests being conducted on a new defense system, with a secondary objective of helping its main computer learn through experience.*
Narration: *On the surface, it was a well-designed digital pet game, accessible from your cell phone, tablet, or portable game console... But in reality, it was designed from the ground up to gather intelligence on its users. *
Narration: *Voice-recognition technology meant the player could interact with their pet by simply speaking to it; by analyzing these interactions, the "pet" avatar would secretly build a profile of your personality.*
Narration: *In addition, the game's "friends" mechanic allowed the system to study both small-scale user communities and the overarching "colonies" they belonged to...*
Narration: *...which enabled it to gain data-driven insight into human psychology and behavioral patterns.*
Narration: *Chief Harudera's pet in VPL was a dog by the name of "Yuuzo"...*
Narration: *And it seemed fairly clear she'd created it to help herself feel a bit less lonely, in the days after Kazami Yuuji moved out of her apartment.*
Narration: *"That said... why worry about Yuuzo at a time like this?"*
Narration: *Chiara didn't understand.*
Narration: *But even so, the chief had given her a job, and she felt obligated to do it.*
Narration: *Exiting the elevator, she made her way back to the Central Intelligence Department's Second Division - her office, in other words.*
Narration: *Over the course of the last few hours, the room had been emptied of everything connected to Harudera Yuria, from her PC and documents to the contents of the trash cans. None of her possessions remained... not even her coffee cup.*
Chiara: ...Haa...
Narration: *Sighing softly as she looked around the barren office, Chiara opened her shoulder bag and took out a portable game console.*
Narration: *After flipping its lid open and pressing the power button, she waited for the manufacturer's logo and health warning screens to display...*
Narration: *...then took the small stylus from its slot and tapped lightly on the lower screen, starting up the VPL program on her memory card.*
Narration: *Selecting the "home" tab from the title menu brought her to the digital house where her pet "lived." Chiara's cat, a Munchkin named "Musashi," jumped out of its home to greet her.*
Chiara: Well hello there, Musashi. I'll give you some food and a brushing later, so be patient for now, okay?
Narration: *"Musashi's" hunger level was only at 60%.*
Narration: *Most likely, someone on Chiara's friends list had fed him while she was logged out.*
Narration: *When she checked the visitor "guestbook," she found that a female colleague had stopped by three hours previously.*
Narration: *Forcing herself to ignore her "pet," which was now rubbing up against her and meowing adorably...*
Narration: *Chiara brought up her own friend list, then tapped on "Yuuzo," the Pembroke Welsh Corgi that belonged to Chief Harudera.*
Narration: *The screen scrolled smoothly away, and within moments, she was "standing" in front of Yuuzo's doghouse. The animal was lying limply on the ground, its stomach emitting audible groaning sounds.*
Chiara: ...Gah! This is bad!
Narration: *Chiara quickly grabbed a bowl and filled it with dog food, then replaced the stale drinking water.*
Narration: *As soon as she presented the bowl to Yuuzo, he buried his face in it and greedily gobbled down his kibble.*
Narration: *With every bite, the hunger meter on the side of the screen lowered slightly.*
Chiara: ...Thank goodness...
Narration: *Chief Harudera had last accessed the game 14 hours ago. Her pet must have gone hungry since then.*
Narration: *On closer inspection, Yuuzo's fur was also looking quite unkempt. Maybe it would be best to give him a bath and a brushing as well?*
Narration: *But as Chiara was thinking it over, the virtual dog (having completely finished his meal) trotted up to her, wagging its tail.*
Chiara: ...Oh, it's a present event...
Narration: *When you frequently took care of a pet in their master's stead, you'd occasionally trigger events of this sort.*
Narration: *The other user's animal would present you with a random item - usually decorative furniture for your virtual home, or an ornament your pet could wear.*
Narration: *Curious to see what she'd gotten this time, Chiara waited for the animation to complete. Yuuzo's gift turned out to be "Tropical Breeze," a palm tree background item.*
Chiara: Ooh! I'd been wanting this one...
Narration: *Tropical Breeze was a relatively rare item.*
Narration: *When you placed it on your home screen, it would occasionally sway back and forth in the wind, dropping coconuts to the ground for cute little crabs to carry away.*
Narration: *But before Chiara had the chance to revel in her good fortune, Yuuzo came right back up to her with a letter in its mouth.*
Narration: *Normally, these would contain brief, friendly messages from the pet's owner.*
Narration: *Something like "Thanks for all the help!" was pretty much standard.*
Narration: *But when Chiara tapped to open this particular letter, the message that appeared on her screen left her more than a little taken aback.*
Narration: *"Kazami Yuuji will be transported to Akasaka on 8/6 at 1800 hours."*
Chiara: ...Uh, what?
Narration: *What on earth was going on? Oh... was this why the chief had asked her to feed the dog?*
Narration: *Chiara hadn't even considered the possibility of sending a message through a game like this.*
Narration: *By last night, Chief Harudera must have strongly suspected she'd be taken into custody...*
Narration: *So she'd planted a message well in advance, using a place no one would think to look.*
Narration: *But all that said...*
Chiara: ...Huh? Is that it?
Narration: *...Chiara didn't have the first idea what to do with this information.*
Chiara: ...Oh geez... what am I supposed to do...?
Date: *August 1, 2012, 13:18 - Houseboat*
Thanatos: "...You don't have to do anything at all. Well done."
Yumiko: ...Excuse me?
Thanatos: "Ah, my apologies. That wasn't directed at you. It's a bit... ruff being in so many places at once."
Yumiko: ...Ruff?
Thanatos: "Putting that aside, I've obtained new intelligence concerning Kazami Yuuji."
Makina: Hrm. Let's hear it, then...
Thanatos: "They've decided to transport him to Akasaka on August 6th, at 1800 hours."
Amane: Are you sure that information's genuine?
Thanatos: "It came straight from Major Harudera Yuria, the intelligence Section Chief of CIRS."
Yumiko: From Harudera-san...?
Sachi: Is JB-san on our side, then?
Thanatos: "It's more accurate to say that she's on Kazami Yuuji's side. Major Harudera isn't even aware that you people are currently taking action... I'm sure she has vague suspicions to that effect, but nothing more."
Michiru: Can't we convince her to join us or somethin'?
Thanatos: "She's in Ichigaya custody at present, and it's too risky to directly ally ourselves with someone who has a collar around their neck."
Thanatos: "Also, I'll be putting her to work elsewhere. She has an important role to play in a matter that's unrelated to Kazami Yuuji's rescue."
Makina: One way or th' other, we don't have much time ta waste. When's the mission gonna start...?
Thanatos: "I understand how badly you want to spring right into action, but before anything else, we should make ourselves some money."
Thanatos: "It's probably going to be painfully dull work. Unfortunately, I'm afraid it needs to be done."
Makina: Uh, money? Ya expectin' us to get part-time jobs? There's no time fer that!
Thanatos: "At the moment, you're something like an impoverished, defenseless minority group trying to establish your own nation. Your country's rather small as it is, and you're trying to carve out your own even smaller piece of it."
Thanatos: "If a tiny nation like yours wants to triumph in a war, you need two things above all else: money and time. Reviewing your budget should be of the utmost priority."
Thanatos: "Financial power trumps military might. Not to be cliched, but money makes the world go round."
Amane: ...Geez, talk about blunt...
Thanatos: "I believe you're more familiar with financial matters than anyone else here, Sakaki Yumiko. Would you mind giving us your thoughts?"
Yumiko: ...Well, you're not wrong... When you get down to it, a war is simply a conflict between two economies.
Yumiko: I'm sure Kazami-kun would have his objections, but it all comes down to money in the end... "Time" is certainly important as well, but these days, you can buy that just like anything else.
Yumiko: What was it again...? "You can solve any problem with patience, hard work, and smarts"?
Yumiko: Wise words, to be sure... but in my experience, the vast majority of problems can also be solved with cold, hard cash.
Thanatos: "Exactly so. Do you know why half of the world's great powers still arm their soldiers with 5.56 millimeter peashooters, rather than more lethal weapons?"
Thanatos: "If you kill a soldier, that's all you accomplish. But if you wound them, your enemy has to evacuate and treat them. When they run out of hospital space, they're forced to build new ones."
Thanatos: "Pressuring your opponent's economy in this way is a fundamental part of warfare."
Thanatos: "You people are planning to challenge an entire nation, but your combined personal assets amount to a mere 140 million yen. And what's more, virtually all of that can be traced if you attempt to use it. It's essentially useless."
Thanatos: "In conclusion... I'm afraid that you five need to personally earn hundreds of millions of yen in a very brief period of time."
Makina: ...Wait... you're gonna sell off Chiruchiru!? That's messed up, man!
Michiru: Why would you assume that!?
Thanatos: "Oh, please. Calm down and think about it... Who on earth would even buy her?"
Sachi: A very valid point...
Michiru: ...Wha...! Can you take a step back and think about what you're saying!? Wasn't that a little TOO mean!?
Yumiko: In any case, you want us to make hundreds of millions of yen in a matter of days...? I don't think investing is going to work...
Thanatos: "It's only difficult if you try to earn it all at once. We'll start small, then snowball our profits into progressively larger sums."
Thanatos: "Just like everything else in this world, money is subject to the laws of inertia."
Thanatos: "Even if your initial capital isn't that impressive, once you've got it rolling along, it'll get bigger and bigger in no time at all."
Thanatos: "The real issue will be allocating that money among multiple accounts, in a way that prevents anyone from noticing what we're doing."
Thanatos: "Sakaki Yumiko, you've always kept your assets in a number of different places, so I'd like you to manage those troublesome little details. You can handle that, correct?"
Yumiko: ...Well, yes...
Thanatos: "Excellent. First of all, we'll begin by opening a personal bank account. Sakaki Yumiko, please take one thousand yen out of your wallet. That should allow us to get started."
Yumiko: ...All right...
Thanatos: "Komine Sachi, please take that money and your personal seal to the bank."
Sachi: Would any bank be acceptable?
Thanatos: "Preferably, we want one that's connected to the Global Net Banking system. It would be best to avoid anything associated with the East Beach Group, so... why don't you open it at the NFUJ Bank branch in Nihonbashi?"
Sachi: Certainly. I'll head over there immediately.
Michiru: Okay, so... how exactly are we going to "roll" that thousand yen into a hundred million?
Thanatos: "The thousand yen will only cover the cost of opening our account. We're going to make our seed money elsewhere."
Thanatos: "For starters... let's begin by selling off one of Irisu Makina's personal possessions."
Makina: Why me!? Uh, it ain't like I've even got anything that valuable, ya know?
Thanatos: "You purchased something with your credit card the other day, didn't you?"
Makina: ...Hweh?
Amane: Hold on! Makina, did you buy something without telling me again!?
Makina: H-Heck no! I dunno what she's talkin' about!
Thanatos: "To be specific, you purchased a pack of gum that comes with a model car at the Shoei supermarket."
Makina: How th' heck do you know that!?
Thanatos: "Oh, I have my ways... I have my ways..."
Makina: Yer freakin' me out... Yer seriously freakin' me out here, man...
Thanatos: "In any case, let's begin by selling that model car."
Yumiko: Sell it? To who...?
Thanatos: "To foreign collectors, using a foreign auction site."
Makina: Oh... I get it...
Amane: What is she talking about?
Makina: Th' toy I bought was based on an American thing, but fer some reason, they only release it in Japan.
Thanatos: "That's right. It would take some time to explain, but... there's a certain model of car that became quite popular in America following a prominent appearance in a 1982 television program."
Amane: So this is a model of that car?
Thanatos: "No. The toy we're selling is based on a newer model that appeared in the 2008 sequel to the original show."
Michiru: Wait, what? Can you make this explanation a little simpler?
Thanatos: "Essentially, the 2008 sequel was broadcast in a later time slot, and turned into a drama targeted at adults. It never caught on with children, so they didn't bother making any toys."
Thanatos: "However, the series was oddly popular in Japan, so the American Maddel corporation created a number of models that were only released over here..."
Thanatos: "And as a result of that exclusivity, there are quite a few devoted collectors in America who want them very badly."
Thanatos: "Unable to purchase an American product within America itself, these unfortunate fans have no choice but to pay exorbitant sums for toys that are reimported in exceptionally small quantities."
Yumiko: ...How much does this model car actually go for at auction?
Thanatos: "Used ones in fair condition go for 900 dollars. If it's still pristine in the original box, the market price is 1800 dollars."
Michiru: Huh...?
Yumiko: That's about 140,000 yen...
Michiru: Whaaaaaaaat!?
Makina: Fortunately, I'm th' kinda collector who puts her toys up on th' wall in their original boxes! And I made sure ta bring it with me when we left th' dorm. See?
Michiru: T-This little car... is worth 140,000 yen...?
Thanatos: "Now that we all understand how a model car sold at a supermarket register can turn into thousands of yen, let's put it up for sale."
Thanatos: "First of all, we'll need to register a new E-Day ID using their three-month free trial, and link its Wallet to our newly established bank account. Sakaki Yumiko, can I ask you to take care of that process?"
Yumiko: Y-Yes... all right...
Makina: Awww... my model car's gettin' shipped off over th' sea...
Thanatos: "I know, I know. Sorry about that. I'll make sure to buy you a new toy later, so just be good for now."
Amane: Okay, so while Sakaki-san's moving the money around, what should the rest of us be doing?
Thanatos: "Let's see... Suou-san, I'd like you to take a little drive in your rental car, if you don't mind."
Amane: ...A drive...? To where?
Thanatos: "I'm going to have you memorize a number of potential routes. I'll be directing you as you go, so for now, just take your cell phone and get in the car."
Amane: Hmm. Okay...
Makina: How about me an' Chiruchiru? What should we be doin'?
Michiru: I'm not going with her, okay!? I'm NEVER getting in a car again!!
Thanatos: "Don't shout, please. I can't stand women who never stop squawking."
Michiru: Auuu... I'm shorry...
Thanatos: "As for you two... Irisu Makina, do you still have the air rifle that Kazami Yuuji bought for you?"
Makina: Oh. Yeah, I brought it with me an' everything.
Thanatos: "In that case, I'd like you to play with that. Why don't you float something or other down the river and shoot at it? Moving targets would be ideal."
Makina: Huh? Ya just want me to play around?
Thanatos: "There's nothing else for you to do at present, and you'll probably get up to no good if I let you get bored."
Makina: Geez, yer pretty harsh...
Thanatos: "You'll have a very important job to do later on. For now, you need to wait calmly for your chance to shine."
Makina: Kay.
Thanatos: "Don't take potshots at people, all right?"
Makina: Kaaay!
Thanatos: "...Well then, that just leaves the idiot. What to do?"
Michiru: Could you be a little less blunt...? I do have feelings, you know...
Thanatos: "To be perfectly honest, I'm not sure exactly where your talents lie... which makes it rather difficult to use you effectively."
Thanatos: "That said, your presence seems to make this group function more smoothly, so I can't just cast you aside either. You certainly are a handful, aren't you?"
Michiru: I'm well aware of that... but this is the only way I know how to live my life.
Thanatos: "Incidentally, which personality is in control at the moment?"
Michiru: Neither. It's just me. In the end, I'm just another part of myself.
Michiru: Pious believers use their faith in God to get them through the day, and I tell myself that there's another person inside me. It's my way of coping with the world.
Thanatos: "If you understand that, I'm surprised your personalities haven't merged entirely."
Michiru: The way Yuuji sees it, I'm a coward who's terrified of being hated. I can't get by without forming "symbiotic" relationships...
Michiru: But I'm also stupidly distrustful, so it's hard for me to accept anyone's charity or affection.
Michiru: I can't say he's wrong, unfortunately. I still have a hard time dealing with kindness...
Michiru: That's probably why my "personalities" still haven't merged... and why I feel like I'm going to die of loneliness when Yuuji's not around.
Thanatos: "You really are the most troublesome piece on the board..."
Michiru: Yep. Sorry. Still, I'd be glad if you found some use for me.
Thanatos: "Not to worry. You've still got a role to play in my plans."
Thanatos: "I'm not quite sure how things will play out, so it's difficult to say at this point... But I might end up giving you the harshest job of all."
Michiru: I hope it doesn't involve too much thinking. It's easier when I just have to do exactly what I'm told.
Thanatos: "Right. That's what most people would call a harsh job, you know?"
Michiru: Well... when the time comes, I'll do my best.
Thanatos: "...That's what I like to hear."

Date: *August 4, 2012, 13:27 - "Ichigaya"*
Narration: *Fifteen minutes had passed since breakfast. The food here wasn't good, but it wasn't bad, either; it was mostly just tasteless.*
Narration: *Given that he'd grown used to Amane's cooking, it was probably natural that Yuuji didn't find the food enjoyable. But the fact that it didn't have any taste at all likely had something to do with the drugs they were dosing him with.*
Narration: *Now that he had been "reunited" with the national defense system that called itself his sister, he knew that the surveillance cameras and microphones in the ceiling of his cell were essentially Kazuki's eyes, ears, and mouth.*
Narration: *Physical distance was irrelevant to her now. No matter where her "body" might be, she was present anywhere her "eyes" could see.*
Narration: *Temporal and spatial limitations no longer applied. She could be in multiple places simultaneously, if the situation called for it.*
Narration: *At any given moment, Kazuki might be watching a street corner, exploring a public facility, or using a webcam to peek inside a private home. You basically couldn't turn around without bumping into her.*
Narration: *Of course, the idea of an invisible army of Kazukis lurking all over the place was somewhat unsettling...*
Narration: *But she'd always been something of a god to Yuuji, so the idea of her "always watching over" him almost seemed like a natural development.*
Narration: *When you're locked up in a cell all day against your will, you tend to have a good deal of time on your hands. And siblings who haven't seen each other in years always have plenty of "catching up" to do.*
Narration: *In particular, "Kazuki" was very interested in hearing about how her brother had gotten by following her abrupt disappearance.*
Yuuji: ...My life after you disappeared was... well, pretty much how I described it in those documents.
Yuuji: Now that I think about it, I guess this explains why they ordered me to write such a detailed report... You were behind that, weren't you?
Yuuji: You never change, Kazuki. Back when we were kids, you used to interrogate me about my day the minute I got home from school...
Kazuki: "Only because you were constantly getting up to no good with your little girlfriends behind my back."
Yuuji: ...Haha. What are you even talking about?
Kazuki: "Horiuchi Kanade, Ohashi Hiroko, Oda Ayana. You had at least three female friends, and those are just the ones I knew about..."
Kazuki: "What's more, you even permitted Horiuchi Kana to kiss you as part of a make-believe marriage ceremony. Do you want to know where that girl and her family are now?"
Yuuji: ...Thanks anyway, but I really don't think so.
Yuuji: Look, forget about me... Why'd you end up like this, Kazuki?
Kazuki: "...How much do you know about what happened, Yuuji?"
Yuuji: You were in an accident on the way back from your training camp and got stranded in the mountains. Only Amane survived in the end...
Yuuji: Amane told me what happened from her perspective, but I don't know much apart from that.
Kazuki: "...I see. In that case, I'll tell you what happened after Amane and I were separated..."
Narration: *―It was the night of our escape attempt.*
Narration: *After convincing Amane to run off by herself, I was easily pinned to the ground by Kaneda-senpai, who had pursued us through the woods.*
Narration: *Straddling my body as she pressed me into the dirt, Kaneda focused her attention on my right hand, which held the knife I'd taken from Amane.*
Narration: *She pushed down on my right arm with an unbelievable amount of force, while Koide-senpai immobilized my fractured left arm.*
Kaneda: ...Eheheh... why'd you go and run off like that...? I said we could talk this over, right?
Narration: *She had the eyes of a starving dog.*
Narration: *The "smile" on her face was a twisted, hollow thing.*
Narration: *The corners of her mouth were wet with frothy spittle.*
Narration: *From all appearances, Kaneda-senpai was now governed entirely by her impulses. She hadn't "decided" to catch me; I was running, so she'd instinctively given chase.*
Narration: *Koide Ritsu, for her part, was clearly terrified.*
Narration: *When you grow too accustomed to being ordered around, you lose the ability to take independent action.*
Narration: *Unless you stay in line and cooperate with the group, there's always a risk that they'll turn on you next.*
Narration: *That fear was probably what had made Koide-senpai act, more than anything else.*
Narration: *One of my captors was incapable of coherent thought. The other was a coward who couldn't bring herself to ignore a crossing signal. They'd caught me, but that didn't mean they were going to do anything to me - not just yet, anyway.*
Narration: *A few seconds had passed, and while they had me at their mercy, they obviously weren't sure what to do with me.*
Narration: *One of them was governed by "instinct," the other by "fear."*
Narration: *Under these circumstances, fear would be easier to manipulate.*
Narration: *I turned my head toward Koide, who was holding my left arm.*
Kazuki: ...That hurts, Koide-san. Please let me go...
Koide: Ah... uh...
Narration: *Keeping my voice utterly calm, I addressed her in a low, menacing tone.*
Kazuki: Didn't you hear me...? I'll repeat myself once more, then. Let me go, Ricchan...
Koide: ...U-Uh...
Narration: *Once you've learned to fear something... or someone... that fear tends to stick with you.*
Narration: *I could feel Koide-senpai's grip weakening slightly.*
Kaneda: Ah! Hey! Don't let go, stupid!
Kazuki: You don't have to get all worked up, I'm not going to run away. Here, I'll drop the knife, all right? Now let me go, Ricchan... before I get upset.
Koide: ...Augh...!
Narration: *The words "right" and "wrong" held no meaning here.*
Narration: *No one knew who to obey. No one knew what to do.*
Narration: *In this valley, the law of the jungle was in full effect. Brute strength was all that counted now.*
Narration: *But even so, Koide Ritsu was afraid of me.*
Narration: *My arm was fractured. I was lying face-down in the dirt, utterly helpless. But even so, the idea of antagonizing me terrified her.*
Narration: *An intelligent woman can be far more frightening than a physically powerful one.*
Narration: *Koide-senpai had spent too much time being pushed around by other people. Her terror of me wasn't rational; I imagine it came to her reflexively.*
Kazuki: Ricchan...?
Narration: *Lightly speaking Koide-senpai's name was enough to fuel her fear.*
Narration: *A part of her mind was screaming to apologize now, while she still had the chance.*
Narration: *The next words out of my mouth would be decisive.*
Kazuki: ...Tell me, do you think you'll survive without me around?
Narration: *Koide-senpai had spent most of her young life standing submissively at the side of stronger people.*
Narration: *Over the years, she'd internalized certain "rules." The way I was treating her set off alarm bells inside her head; her instincts were telling her not to defy me.*
Koide: ...Eee... ah...
Narration: *Before she even knew it, Koide-senpai had jerked her hands away from my left arm.*
Kaneda: ...Ah! You idiot!
Narration: *I didn't let the chance pass me by.*
Narration: *With all my strength, I swung my partially-fractured arm up, punching Kaneda square on the nose.*
Kaneda: ...Ugh! ...Aagh... you little...!
Narration: *As Kaneda reached up to stop the blood now flowing from her nose, I tried to push her off me...*
Narration: *But it wasn't as if I had much strength left, and more importantly, I'd just hit her as hard as I could with my injured arm. It hurt so badly that I wanted to cry.*
Kazuki: ...Ghh... well, I think that might have broken it entirely...
Kaneda: Kazamiiii!!
Narration: *Enraged by the pain I'd inflicted on her, Kaneda-senpai bellowed my name furiously.*
Narration: *Now that I'd angered her, she'd probably kill me without a second thought.*
Narration: *If I wept and apologized, would she forgive me?*
Narration: *It didn't seem particularly likely.*
Narration: *I'd tried to lay a bit of groundwork for when worse came to worst, but honestly, it appeared that my luck had simply run out.*
Narration: *Just as I was beginning to resign myself to my fate, another of my pursuers arrived on the scene.*
Sakuma: ...Hold it, Kaneda. Don't go killing Kazami.
Narration: *Sakuma-senpai had emerged silently from the darkness behind Kaneda. None of us had noticed her approach.*
Kaneda: Hahah... kill Kazami? Who, me? Why would I? I wasn't gonna KILL her.
Sakuma: Then what were you planning to do with her?
Narration: *Taking a shaky step forward on her undernourished legs, Sakuma placed a hand on Kaneda's shoulder and pulled. Kaneda slowly turned her head to look up at her.*
Kaneda: I was gonna wait for her to die, that's all...
Narration: *Her right eye was all but useless; her left glistened like a pool of oil.*
Narration: *Her face had contorted itself into the slack, deranged smile of a woman who'd given up entirely on life.*
Narration: *Had she not fallen low enough to kill living people in order to eat them? Or had she simply realized that most of my body would go to waste if she killed me now?*
Narration: *Whatever the case, she clearly hadn't "come to her senses."*
Sakuma: ...Anyway, just calm down, Kaneda...
Sakuma: Look, Kazami... this is gonna sound pretty pathetic, but if you leave now, the rest of us are all going to die...
Sakuma: I'm sure you know that yourself, and I think you probably set things up this way... but right now, hunger and malnutrition aren't what we need to be really worried about.
Sakuma: In a situation like this, nothing's scarier than "apathy"...
Sakuma: Dying seems a hell of a lot more pleasant than living right now... but if you're around, we can still cling to the hope that things will work out...
Sakuma: And as long as we've got some hope... no matter how small it is... I think we'll manage to stay alive a little longer...
Sakuma: ...If you can promise that you'll stay behind with us, I'll promise that we won't chase after Amane...
Kazuki: And what is your promise good for, exactly?
Sakuma: Don't worry, I'll convince Sakashita... You can trust me on that at least...
Narration: *We were well past the point of "talking things over" like human beings.*
Narration: *Did this girl really not understand the nature of our situation?*
Narration: *Before I could respond to Sakuma's offer, Captain Sakashita came running up to us, now dressed in her school uniform.*
Sakashita: You managed to catch Kazami-san, I see... What happened to Suou-san...?
Sakuma: She got away...
Sakashita: What the hell are you doing!? Catch her and kill her! If she gets out alive, we're all through!
Narration: *Should Amane successfully make her way off this mountain, the events that had taken place here would be exposed.*
Narration: *That was something Sakashita couldn't allow to happen.*
Narration: *After all, it would mean her spotless life would be stained with an indelible disgrace.*
Sakuma: ...Sakashita...
Narration: *"Hasn't this gone on long enough?"*
Narration: *With those words on the tip of her tongue, Sakuma turned to look at Captain Sakashita... and found that her gaunt face was filled with something like vigor.*
Sakuma: ...Sakashita... did you... eat another one...?
Narration: *Sakashita's body jerked guiltily at the question. Her eyes found Sakuma's face - pallid and swollen, in stark contrast to her own.*
Sakashita: ...That's not... It's just... I mean... if I collapse, then...
Narration: *If Captain Sakashita were to be rendered immobile, there'd be no one to procure and distribute the food.*
Narration: *It was a fact that she had essentially kept the group alive for the last few days.*
Narration: *Everyone here understood that.*
Narration: *And so, no one said anything more.*
Narration: *But that very silence filled Captain Sakashita's chest with agony, and sent blood rushing to her head.*
Narration: *Her own desperate search for an excuse brought her nothing but unendurable shame.*
Narration: *   "I'm not in the wrong."*
Narration: *"There was no other way."*
Narration: *"What gives her the right to judge me for doing what had to be done?"*
Narration: *"Why is she making it sound like I'm some kind of selfish, gluttonous monster?"*
Narration: *As these thoughts ran through Sakashita's mind, the ball of stress that had built up deep inside her since the day of the accident abruptly exploded.*
Sakashita: ...I don't want to hear this from YOU!
Narration: *Sakuma had never done anything on her own.  She'd always just gone with the flow.  She'd eaten the food they "found" under clearly suspicious circumstances.  And now she was criticizing Sakashita for her actions? It was the last straw.*
Sakashita: Sakumaaa!!
Narration: *Sakuma Minori had always been this way.*
Narration: *She was irresponsible and lazy, but always managed to say the right thing. She never did anything useful, but the younger girls all loved her anyway.*
Narration: *Why did everyone always fall for this useless girl's nonsense?*
Narration: *The resentful thoughts bubbling up inside Sakashita were intensified by her volatile emotional state. In a blind, unthinking rage, she snatched the knife from my hand... and stabbed it violently into Sakuma's stomach.*
Sakuma: ...Ah...?
Narration: *At first, Sakuma didn't even understand what had happened.*
Narration: *Something cold had pushed its way deep inside her stomach.*
Narration: *By the time she realized it was a knife, the grass at her feet was already glistening with her dark red blood.*
Koide: ...No... Nooooooo!!
Narration: *Losing control of herself entirely, Koide-senpai began to shriek at the top of her lungs.*
Kazuki: ......
Narration: *Still clutching at my broken arm, all I could do was look on in silence, beads of cold sweat trickling down my back.*
Narration: *At last, we'd crossed the final line.*
Narration: *The violent urges we'd managed to suppress thus far could no longer be controlled.*
Kaneda: ...Ahah!♪
Narration: *What else could you do but laugh?*
Sakuma: Calm down, Sakashita... it's all right...
Narration: *Sakuma took a half-step backward. The knife in Captain Sakashita's hand slipped cleanly from her stomach, its blade drenched with blood.*
Sakuma: ...It's... all right...
Narration: *Blood poured steadily from the gash in Sakuma-senpai's abdomen. And like air escaping from a punctured balloon, the strength drained from her body.*
Narration: *"That's it. I'm not going to survive this one."*
Narration: *The moment that realization hit her, Sakuma swayed heavily backward.*
Narration: *Having offered Sakashita her forgiveness, a beatific expression of relief spread across her face...*
Narration: *―And she collapsed to the ground.*
Kazuki: ...Koide-san! You have to stop the bleeding!
Koide: ...Ah... uh... ah... aah... Sakuma-senpai...
Kazuki: Don't just stand there! Hurry up!!
Koide: Ah... r-right...
Narration: *Jumping at the sound of my voice, Koide-senpai hurried to Sakuma's side. But the wound was so large that she hesitated, not knowing what to do.*
Kazuki: Get off of me already! Didn't you see what just happened!?
Narration: *With an angry shout at Kaneda-senpai, I managed to shove her off me, and then rushed over to where Sakuma had fallen.*
Kazuki: ...Sakuma-senpai... come to your senses!
Narration: *Removing my broken arm from its sling, I slipped the cloth off my shoulder and brought it to Sakuma-senpai's injured abdomen. But no matter how much pressure I applied, the blood wouldn't stop flowing.*
Sakashita: ...No... I... That wasn't my fault... I mean, Sakuma just... It's not my fault...
Narration: *Captain Sakashita was mumbling incoherently toward the bloody knife in her hand, but no one was paying her any heed.*
Narration: *In the midst of this chaos, I heard someone approaching through the forest.*
Ibuki: Kuuuma-senpaaai... c'mooon... Kuma-senpai? Where'd you gooo...?
Narration: *Stumbling her way noisily through the underbrush, Ibuki Haruna appeared before us.*
Narration: *She looked around the area with glassy eyes, spotted Sakuma-senpai lying in the grass, and slowly squatted down next to her.*
Ibuki: Oh, theeere you are!♪
Ibuki: Why'd you go and disappear all of a sudden? You had me worried... C'mon, you can't sleep out here. You'll catch your death... Silly Kuma-senpai...
Narration: *Ibuki's tone of voice was cheerful, even carefree. The rest of us were stunned into silence.*
Narration: *I don't think I'd ever been at such an utter loss for words before.*
Ibuki: ...Oh, wait... are you dead already...?
Narration: *Her abdomen was bleeding profusely even as we spoke.*
Narration: *Anyone could see at a glance that there was simply nothing to be done.*
Ibuki: Hey, c'mon... Kuma-senpai...? What's going on here...? I don't get it...
Ibuki: I mean... didn't you say... you'd always be there for me...?
Ibuki: So why'd you go off and die, huh? I don't even get it. Who said you could leave me here alone? That's not fair, Kuma-senpai...
Ibuki: C'mon, Senpai... if you're gone, then... who's gonna cut my hair from now on...?
Narration: *Naturally, Sakuma-senpai didn't respond.*
Narration: *She no longer could.*
Ibuki: Ahaha... well, I told you so, didn't I...? "Nice" girls always get taken advantage of... They're always the ones who end up dead...
Ibuki: This is exactly why... I can't stand nice people...
Narration: *Turning her attention from Sakuma's wound, Ibuki now looked around the clearing... and finally spotted Captain Sakashita, standing frozen with the bloody knife in her hand.*
Ibuki: So it was YOUUUU!!!
Narration: *Ibuki's dreamy expression vanished in an instant as her face contorted with rage.*
Narration: *Screaming like a madwoman, she pulled a pair of scissors from her skirt pocket, charged at Captain Sakashita, and stabbed them into her.*
Sakashita: ...Guh!
Ibuki: Die! Die! You die too! Die, and then apologize to Kuma-senpai! Get down on your knees and apologize!!
Narration: *With a raspy little gurgle, Sakashita fell to the ground, blood trickling from her mouth.*
Ibuki: I'll never forgive you!! Never!! Never!! Grovel all you want, I'll never forgive you!! Not even when you're DEAD!!
Narration: *Overcome by anger and grief, Ibuki pushed Sakashita into the dirt, straddled her, and stabbed the scissors into her body again and again.*
Ibuki: Aaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *Whenever Ibuki's bangs grew long enough to be bothersome, Sakuma had cut them for her.*
Narration: *The scissors she'd used for that purpose were now covered in blood.*
Ibuki: To HELL with this!! I hate this stupid world!! I hate EVERYTHING!! Aaaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *Even as she screamed... even as she wept...*
Narration: *Ibuki didn't stop plunging the bloody scissors into Sakashita's body.*
Narration: *Every blow was an expression of her hatred for the cruel and vicious world in which we lived.*
Narration: *It was at this moment that Mr. Ochi finally arrived at the clearing. At the sight of this horrifying spectacle, he stopped dead in his tracks.*
Ochi: ...Stop it... What are you doing...? Stop! Stop that!!
Narration: *In a place that was already as hellish as this, what was the point of murdering each other?*
Narration: *It didn't make any sense.*
Narration: *Mr. Ochi moved on pure reflex, thinking only that he "had to stop" the brutal assault that was taking place.*
Narration: *Looking quickly around the area, he grabbed a volleyball-sized rock from the ground with both hands, lifted it up, and brought it down violently on Ibuki's head.*
Ibuki: ...Gah...!?
Narration: *With a heavy thunk, the rock caved in Ibuki's skull; the impact knocked her head down between her shoulders. She slid off Sakashita and fell on her side, still clutching the scissors in her hand.*
Koide: Noooooooo!! Stop it!! Stop this!! Why!?! Why is this happening!?! Ahahaha!!
Narration: *The disaster had unfolded in what felt like an instant, before we could even try to prevent it. Koide-senpai fell on her backside and lost control of her bladder, her fragile mind finally broken.*
Narration: *All color drained from the world, leaving only ugly shades of grey.*
Narration: *Everything was warped. Everything was twisted. No one could keep the madness from spreading.*
Narration: *Ibuki's lifeless eyes were fixed resentfully on Mr. Ochi.*
Narration: *Even now that she was unconscious, they glittered in the moonlight, as if burning with unspeakable hatred.*
Narration: *Faced with the consequences of his impulsive, emotional actions, Mr. Ochi stood stock still, his face full of shock and horror.*
Ochi: Ah... aaah... what have I done!?
Kaneda: Ahahahaha!! Nice, very nice! Keep on killing each other, guys!
Kaneda: Seriously, this is great stuff! I'm not moving a muscle, and you're basically dumping more food on my plate! Sweet deal! Ahahahahaha!!
Narration: *Kaneda-senpai's cruel, deranged laughter forced its way through our ears and echoed inside our minds.*
Narration: *We were past the point of no return.*
Narration: *As that fact finally sank in, Mr. Ochi's legs gave out beneath him.*
Ochi: This is... exactly why... I hate getting mixed up in women's fights... It always... turns out like this...
Narration: *With every word he spoke, Ochi's body tilted further to the side.*
Narration: *Perhaps he was trying to stay upright as the world lurched around him.*
Narration: *"I can't take this any more."*
Narration: *"What does any of it even matter?"*
Narration: *"What's the point of living through all this suffering?"*
Narration: *Ochi's job was to serve as an example for his students. To offer them hope as they struggled through the anxieties of youth.*
Narration: *Over the years, he'd begun to hold something like pride in his occupation.*
Narration: *But now that he'd crossed this final line, that thin strand of strength gave way, and he was left with nothing.*
Narration: *And yet...*
Narration: *It didn't matter if everyone had given up.  It didn't matter how desperate our situation had become.*
Narration: *I was going to do everything I could, no matter what.*
Narration: *I'd spent years teaching my brother to do the same, after all. I might die in this place, but I wasn't going to die a hypocrite.*
Narration: *Hurrying to Captain Sakashita's side, I desperately applied pressure to her wounds.*
Kazuki: ...It's all right, the wounds aren't too deep... There may be a lot of them, but... we can still save her! Koide-san, help me!
Narration: *With only the use of my right hand, I couldn't possibly stop the bleeding from all of Sakashita's countless wounds.*
Narration: *I called for help, but Koide-senpai's fear had given way to despair. She didn't even move.*
Sakashita: ...Thank you... but... don't bother...
Narration: *Sakashita's voice was raspy and faint.*
Narration: *As if to refuse my attempts at treatment, she reached up and grasped my arm.*
Sakashita: ...You were right, Kazami-san... Now that I've fallen this far... I can't ever go back...
Kazuki: You can't give up... As long as you stay alive, it'll work out somehow...
Narration: *Sakashita responded to this rather inept attempt at encouragement by shaking her head slowly.*
Sakashita: ...I'll leave... the rest to you... Look after Ritsu for me...
Kazuki: Sakashita-san...
Narration: *―Why had it come to this...?*
Narration: *None of it was anyone's "fault."*
Narration: *So how had everything gone so wrong...?*
Narration: *That unanswerable question echoed heavily in all of our hearts.*
Narration: *―Sakuma Minori died from shock and massive blood loss, as the result of a laceration to her abdomen.*
Narration: *―Haruna Ibuki suffered an open depressed skull fracture as the result of a blow to her head.*
Narration: *Two hours later, she died from cerebral contusion.*
Narration: *―Sakashita Chiaki had numerous puncture wounds all over her body.*
Narration: *Fortunately, the weapon she'd been stabbed with was a pair of craft scissors, so the lacerations were fairly shallow. We stitched up her wounds, but her loss of blood left her in critical condition.*
Narration: *―Kaneda Saaya received a broken nose as the result of a blow to her face.*
Narration: *By pushing my little finger into her nose, I repositioned the broken bone from within, and then filled her nostrils with cotton to prevent further bleeding.*
Narration: *―As for "Kazami Kazuki"... in the course of punching Kaneda Saaya in the face, I'd managed to completely break my partially-fractured left arm.*
Narration: *After setting the bone myself, I fixed it in position using a wooden splint.*
Narration: *By now, the only "uninjured" members of our group were Koide Ritsu and our teacher, Ochi Yoshihiko.*
Narration: *Neither of them were in particularly good shape either, of course. But somewhat surprisingly, Koide proved to be the more mentally stable of the two.*
Narration: *I suppose her ability to adapt to her environment made her somewhat resilient in the face of adversity. About an hour after the incident, she stopped staring blankly into space and asked me if there was anything she could do to help.*
Narration: *By the time we'd completed emergency first aid and carried the wounded back to their tents, the sun was already rising.*
Narration: *On the verge of unconsciousness, Captain Sakashita told me the location of the food she'd hidden away, and left its management in my hands.*
Kazuki: ...It looks like she buried it here.
Koide: Chiaki-san... hid it all the way out here...?
Kaneda: Figures. I knew she had a secret stash somewhere. That bitch was totally gonna eat it all herself.
Kazuki: I very much doubt that's true, actually.
Kaneda: Why? Even Mr. Ochi didn't know about this place, right?
Kazuki: If she was keeping this for herself, she would have eaten it all quite some time ago.
Koide: ...Then why did she bury it...?
Kazuki: I'm fairly sure she was planning on distributing this rice at the last possible moment.
Kazuki: Everyone wants to have an actual "last meal" before they die, don't they?
Kaneda: Uh, what does it matter if you're gonna die anyway!? We've all been starving for ages! She should have just handed it out right away!
Kazuki: Is that really what you would have done?
Kaneda: Nope. I woulda eaten it all by myself!♪
Kazuki: I'd imagine so, yes...
Kaneda: ...Y'know, Kazami... you're really talking down to me all of a sudden, aren't you...?
Kazuki: You may be my elder, but at this point, it's hard to show you much respect. 
Kaneda: Excuse meee? God, you really are a bossy little jerk...
Koide: I found it! I found the cooler! It's really here!
Kaneda: Okay, move it! I'll handle the rest!
Kazuki: No you won't! I'm in charge of the food!
Kaneda: Shut up, damn it! You're just gonna take it all for yourself, aren't you!?
Koide: Stop that! Just stop! If you're going to start fighting again... I'll throw all this food away!!
Kaneda: Stop that, idiot! You... stupid little... ghhh! Agh... aaaah!!
Koide: ...Kaneda-senpai...?
Kaneda: Ah... i-it hurts... it hurts, it huuurts!!
Kazuki: ...Kaneda-san?
Narration: *After briefly crouching down and grabbing her head, Kaneda-senpai suddenly arched her neck backward and began rubbing the back of her skull against the ground.*
Narration: *This bizarre outburst certainly didn't seem to be some kind of ploy to distract us from the food.*
Koide: K-Kazami-san...!! What should we do!?
Kazuki: Can you hear me, Kaneda-san? Where does it hurt? Can you describe the pain?
Kaneda: It hurts! It hurts so much! It's m-my head! My head's ripping itself apart!! Help me!! Help meee!!
Kazuki: ...Your head...?
Narration: *It looked as if... she was instinctively trying to lower the position of her head...*
Kazuki: Koide-san! Hold Kaneda-san down! Don't let her thrash around!
Koide: Uh, o-okay...
Narration: *Either she was trying to find a position that would lessen her agony somewhat, or her movements were involuntary... the result of something badly wrong with her "head."*
Narration: *If tilting her head downward was making the pain somewhat more bearable... then one possibility immediately came to mind.*
Kazuki: Don't move!
Narration: *As Koide held Kaneda's convulsing body still, I reached into her nostrils and pulled out the cotton I'd stuffed in them.*
Narration: *As soon as I unblocked her nose, a large amount of blood began to flow from it.*
Kazuki: Koide-san, take off your socks.
Koide: ...Huh?
Kazuki: I need a white, absorbent piece of cloth! Hurry up!
Koide: Ah! O-Okay!
Narration: *I took the sock and pressed it to Kaneda-senpai's nose. Her nosebleed showed no signs of stopping.*
Narration: *The stain that appeared on the sock was red at the center, but its outer edges were a light yellow.*
Kazuki: ...There's cerebrospinal fluid mixed into this blood... her dura mater's been damaged...
Koide: Wh-What!?
Kazuki: We need to stop this bleeding immediately...!
Narration: *Holding her head low to minimize the flow of blood from the fracture near her anterior skull base, I squeezed her nasal cavity shut with my fingers; but the bleeding continued regardless.*
Kaneda: ...It 'uuurts... uh... uuuuuh...
Koide: ...W-What should we do...? These are the same symptoms as Shikanai-senpai...
Kazuki: Don't worry. As long as we stop the spinal fluid from leaking out of her nose, she can still survive...
Koide: But how are we... supposed to do that...?
Kazuki: For now, let's carry her back to her tent. We can't do anything for her here.
Koide: Yeah... okay...
Narration: *On the day of the accident itself, Shikanai-senpai had suffered a fracture on the base of her skull.*
Narration: *While she was conscious immediately afterward, she'd rolled herself into a ball, moaning while clutching at her head - just like Kaneda was doing now. She had died ten minutes later.*
Narration: *―Shikanai-senpai, who'd bled from both her ears and her nose, had probably suffered from pneumocephalus; as cerebospinal fluid flowed out of her cranium, air had rushed in to replace it.*
Narration: *The pressure on her brain had caused her cerebellum to stop functioning... and her body to stop breathing.*
Narration: *At this rate, Kaneda would suffer the same fate.*
Kazuki: I'm sorry, Kaneda-senpai... I think you may have suffered an internal head injury during the crash itself, but my punch was probably what exacerbated the problem...
Kaneda: ...Haha... I see... Well, that's just how it goes... No use crying over spilt milk...
Kaneda: So anyway... when am I gonna die...?
Kazuki: ...I don't know. There's a possibility you'll die within ten minutes, but there's also a chance you'll be able to hold out for a few days...
Kaneda: If I'm gonna go, I hope it's quick... I could do without the drawn-out suffering...
Kazuki: Pneumocephalus is a condition that can be surgically treated... don't give up just yet, please...
Kaneda: Hey... Kazami... I could really go for some white rice before I die...
Kazuki: I thought you might say that. Koide-san's cooking you some as we speak...
Kazuki: Of course, there were only two servings or so in that cooler... I'm afraid you won't exactly be stuffing yourself...
Kaneda: Sounds good enough for a last meal, I guess...
Kazuki: Well, we're going to start you off with a thin gruel until your body can handle something more.
Kaneda: Whaaat...? C'mon, I just want some normal rice...
Kazuki: ...You haven't had a proper meal in many days. If you try to eat a lot of solid food all at once, you're going to give yourself severe indigestion.
Kaneda: Is that really how it works...?
Kazuki: Your digestive system is very weak at the moment. I wouldn't recommend eating a bowl of rice unless you want to vomit it back up.
Kazuki: Once that happens, your stomach won't be able to stop convulsing even after emptying itself... eventually, you'll start spitting up blood.
Kazuki: During the war, a number of starving soldiers were evacuated from an island where supplies had been cut off entirely. Some of them secretly gorged themselves, ignoring the doctors' orders... and it cost them their lives.
Kaneda: ...Haha... that's probably one miserable way to die...
Kazuki: Indeed. So let's take it slow, all right? Your gruel should be ready very soon...
Kaneda: Come to think of it... Koide's sure taking her time, huh...? She's not gobbling it all down by herself, is she?
Kazuki: I gave Koide-san the same explanation about indigestion, so I don't think that's likely...
Kazuki: However... I'm worried about the others as well. I do think I'll go check up on everyone...
Narration: *―Even in a situation like this, I wanted to believe that we still had some shred of rationality left.*
Narration: *Koide was an unusually cowardly young woman. I'd assumed that telling her "you'll die if you eat" would keep her from doing anything reckless.*
Narration: *It was a naive assumption on my part.*
Narration: *In front of the primitive cooking furnace we'd built by piling up stones, I found Koide-san lying on the ground with her arms around her stomach.*
Narration: *At her side there was a single metal mess kit, full of steaming white rice that looked freshly-cooked.*
Narration: *Most likely, the process of cleaning and cooking the precious food we'd discovered in that cooler had been too much for her to bear.*
Narration: *As soon as the fluffy white rice was ready, she'd shoveled handfuls of it into her mouth - only to have her weakened digestive system reject it.*
Kazuki: ...I hate to say "I told you so," but...
Koide: I'm sorry... I'm sorry... bleeegh...
Narration: *There was blood in the vomit leaving her mouth.*
Narration: *At this point, she'd throw up anything else she tried to eat in a similar way. She'd need to be fed intravenously... but of course, we didn't exactly have the necessary fluid lying around.*
Kazuki: I'd like to carry you to your tent... but my arm's broken, so I don't think I can. I'm sorry, but you'll have to stand up and walk there yourself... I'll treat you once you get there...
Koide: ...I'm... sorry... I'm so sorry... bleegh...
Narration: *While I'd spoken of "treating" her, there was virtually nothing I could actually do.*
Narration: *She didn't have the strength to digest any meal I might provide her. And without food, she wasn't going to last very long.*
Narration: *It was only a matter of time until her body would be racked by fever, robbing her of the strength to stand.*
Narration: *It seemed a particularly cruel way for someone who had survived so long in this hellish place to perish.*
Narration: *Picking up the mess kit with the rice Koide-san had prepared, I headed for the tent where Captain Sakashita was lying. Our prompt first aid efforts had apparently been effective; her blood pressure had recovered, and she'd now regained consciousness.*
Narration: *I placed the mess kit next to Sakashita's pillow and gave her a brief update on everyone's condition. She listened quietly, offering only brief responses.*
Sakashita: ...I see... In that case, I suppose the only people still on their feet... are you and Mr. Ochi...
Kazuki: I don't know how much longer I'll last, either...
Narration: *I was still lucid for now, but breaking my left arm completely had led to intermittent fevers.*
Narration: *If my body lost the ability to generate those fevers, I might very well lose consciousness and never wake up again.*
Kazuki: At this point, Mr. Ochi is the only one we can really rely on... but he told us that he "wanted to be alone," and hasn't returned since...
Sakashita: ...He's probably... at the gravesite... Don't leave him on his own... He's a very weak person...
Kazuki: ...Are you telling me to stop him...?
Sakashita: Don't worry... He's at the graves, but... you're not going to see anything gruesome this time...
Kazuki: All right, then... I'll go check up on him.
Sakashita: ...I'd appreciate it...
Kazuki: I'll leave this mess kit here. It's only thin gruel, so try to eat some if you can...
Sakashita: Forget about me... You should be the one who eats that...
Kazuki: It's not as if I'm giving you my share... I've got my own separate serving. This will probably be our final meal, so you might as well enjoy it...
Sakashita: ...I'm going to die soon either way... Didn't I tell you not to waste so much food on the dying...?
Kazuki: Giving more to the people who can move just encourages them to burn through our limited supply of food faster... and once we eat everything, we're all going to die.
Kazuki: Given that, I think we might as well distribute the food equally, even to those on the verge of death.
Sakashita: ...I see. Even now... you're still sticking to your opinions...
Sakashita: Well, all right... I'm very tired right now... but I'll have some when I wake up...
Kazuki: ...Take care...
Narration: *How exactly was she supposed to "take care" of herself, under these circumstances? If you'd asked me, I wouldn't have been able to reply.*
Narration: *Still, the fact that she could hold a coherent conversation was a positive sign. She probably wouldn't die for another two days or so.*
Narration: *By this point, I was keeping a running count of how long everyone had to live, as if I were some angel of death.*
Narration: *―How many days had passed since the accident, anyway? I couldn't remember off the top of my head. The question was beginning to feel pointless.*
Narration: *Pushing my way through the thick undergrowth, I followed the barely-visible "trail" that led to the burial ground Amane and I had visited last night... or the "gravesite," as Sakashita called it.*
Narration: *Given that we'd all be ending up here sooner or later, the idea of paying it a visit wasn't particularly appealing. And in my weakened state, the slight uphill slope proved a tedious challenge.*
Narration: *Eventually the uphill path came to an end, and a level clearing came into view. As I drew closer, I could hear the sound of someone digging with a shovel.*
Narration: *Of course, the responsible party was Mr. Ochi. His shirt was plastered to his back with sweat.*
Kazuki: ...What are you doing, Mr. Ochi?
Ochi: Oh. Kazami...
Narration: *After glancing briefly in my direction, he turned back to his digging without meeting my gaze.*
Narration: *In a sense, it seemed rather impressive that he still had the energy to be digging holes...*
Narration: *But then again, when your accumulated fatigue passes a certain threshold, your body sometimes grows numb to the fact that it's exhausted.*
Narration: *In this place, chosen as a burial ground simply because the ground was somewhat softer, five graves had already been dug.*
Narration: *Of course, they were nothing but simple, unmarked mounds of earth. Their main purpose was to prevent infection, not to memorialize the dead.*
Narration: *Five mounds of earth. Five graves. And lying in the grass next to Ochi, who was digging a new hole, were the bodies of Sakuma Minori and Ibuki Haruna.*
Kazuki: You carried them all the way back here...?
Ochi: Well, I couldn't just leave them lying there...
Narration: *The two corpses, stretched out next to each other, were already surrounded by a swarm of flies.*
Narration: *If we left them exposed, they would be infested with maggots within a day. And as they rotted, the bodies would become hotbeds of disease, potentially harming those of us still living.*
Narration: *The two of them had been placed quite carefully in the grass. Their hands were folded in front of their chests.*
Narration: *Had Mr. Ochi done that?*
Narration: *Sakuma Minori had died from a stab to the gut.*
Narration: *Haruna Ibuki had died from a blow to the head.*
Narration: *But right now, there was no trace of pain or bitterness on their faces.*
Ochi: You came here because you wanted something, right...?
Kazuki: Yes. I've brought you some food. Also, I wanted to give you a report on the situation.
Narration: *At this, Ochi paused in his labors and turned to stare at me.*
Narration: *I suppose it would be more accurate to say that he was staring at the mess kit in my hands.*
Narration: *He spoke two quiet words:*
Ochi: ...I see...
Narration: *...then stuck his shovel in the ground and accepted the food from me.*
Narration: *Finding a spot in the shade of a rock wall, Ochi sat down with his back against it, silently opened the mess kit, and began to eat the thin gruel - flavored only with a pinch of salt.*
Kazuki: ...Well then. Where should I begin?
Narration: *As those words left my mouth, Ochi visibly flinched.*
Narration: *Perhaps he was bracing himself for a torrent of condemnation and reproach.*
Narration: *Instead, I summarized the condition of the wounded, and briefed him on our current food supply. Every word I spoke concerned the "present."*
Narration: *I didn't lament the past, or criticize the choices we'd made.*
Narration: *I didn't express my fear of the future, or ask him how we might survive this horrible situation.*
Narration: *I spoke of the present, and nothing else.*
Narration: *Mr. Ochi, for his part, listened silently as he ate, saying nothing at all.*
Narration: *Eventually, after his metal spoon had repeatedly scraped against the bottom of the mess kit, Ochi appeared at least somewhat sated. Looking up at me, he murmured a few quiet words.*
Ochi: ...You probably hate me very much, don't you...?
Kazuki: Hating you isn't going to improve our situation...
Ochi: ...This is all my fault...
Ochi: I'm the one who went down a different road to avoid the traffic... and... I was the first to resort to eating the dead...
Ochi: ...At first... I really was giving them proper burials...
Ochi: I'd think about the girl who'd died... even kneel and bring my hands together... to pray for her happiness in the afterlife...
Ochi: But you see... I just couldn't fight my own hunger...
Ochi: I knew it was an absolutely unforgivable crime... but I couldn't stop myself...
Ochi: I started telling myself... they'd all probably stolen food from my bags anyway... and I stopped giving a damn about anything...
Ochi: After that... I'd carry off my students' lifeless bodies, claiming that I'd bury them... and do the most horrible things imaginable...
Ochi: ...One day... unable to resist my hunger... I was stewing the finger of a corpse in my mess kit... when Sakashita caught me in the act...
Ochi: She... slapped me in the face, you know...?
Ochi: But after that... she didn't scream at me in anger... She just stood there glaring at me, biting her lip... with tears running down her face...
Ochi: I think... the words "you ought to be ashamed of yourself" were on the very tip of her tongue...
Ochi: My mind was... such a jumbled mess... I felt so pathetic... so ashamed... so worthless... I begged her for forgiveness, blubbering like a baby...
Ochi: There I was, a full-grown man... clinging to the legs of a girl that young... screaming "I'm sorry, I'm sorry"... again and again...
Ochi: ...I knew how pointless it was, but what else could I do...? What else... could any of us do...? We never even... had a choice...
Ochi: So... I don't want you to blame Sakashita... This was all my fault, from start to finish...
Kazuki: ...Why are you telling me this now...?
Ochi: At this point... it's obvious none of us are going to survive...
Ochi: I don't know if there's a life after this one or anything... but if there is... I don't want to bring any bitterness or hatred with me...
Ochi: ...I'm probably going to something like hell, no matter what... so at the very least... I want someone to know that Sakashita wasn't to blame... that she was a good captain...
Ochi: ...Pretty self-centered of me, but there it is...
Kazuki: ......
Narration: *There was no need to be worried about any of that.*
Narration: *Once you're dead, everything's over.*
Narration: *If anything, we should be concerning ourselves with the effect the rumors were going to have on the families we'd leave behind.*
Narration: *Also... I didn't hate Captain Sakashita nearly as much as people seemed to think.*
Narration: *In fact, I actually identified with her in some respects - particularly the way she'd been arbitrarily branded as a "cold" person. Most people formed their opinions of her solely on that basis, instead of trying to understand her.*
Narration: *Even if they're simple school clubs, organizations of any size always need a "scary" person or two. By playing that role, she'd maintained order on the team.*
Narration: *She could be excessively harsh to the other team members, and to some degree, that was just part of presenting herself as a "leader." But in time, she'd come to understand that her role came with real responsibility.*
Narration: *"I'll take responsibility."*
Narration: *Speaking those words had clearly been satisfying for her, but they'd also added to the weight bearing down on her shoulders.*
Narration: *And no responsibility is heavier than of breaking a taboo.*
Narration: *An impossibly weighty burden had thrown itself at her feet, weeping and beginning for forgiveness the world would never offer.*
Narration: *Ochi had broken under unspeakable stress. It would have been impossible to comfort him with words alone.*
Narration: *All that could be done was to allow him to indulge in the gluttony and lust that had overwhelmed his sense of morality.*
Narration: *Sakashita had chosen to become the outlet for this man's desperate desires. When I tried to imagine her emotional state at the time, I felt genuine sympathy for her.*
Narration: *And of course... once the dam was broken, she was simply borne along by the flood.*
Narration: *However, if the truth of what happened here ever became public, she was through. The pity and scorn of strangers would haunt her for the rest of her life.*
Narration: *The stain of these events would never, ever to fade.*
Narration: *To return to society bearing it for all to see was simply unthinkable.*
Narration: *It had to be washed out here, where the deeds had been done.*
Narration: *Under those circumstances, it was small wonder that she'd seen my attempt to escape with Amane as unforgivable.*
Narration: *Her irritation at the more freewheeling members of the team was similarly understandable. Once her emotions reached the boiling point, she'd been unable to tolerate Sakuma-senpai and her apparent "irresponsibility."*
Narration: *No matter what the circumstances, the things Sakashita had done were unforgivable.*
Narration: *But even so, I had a certain respect for her - and I believed there was kindness in her heart.*
Narration: *I certainly didn't want to be her friend, but if she'd ever been placed on trial for her crimes, I would willingly have testified for her defense.*
Kazuki: ...It sounds as if you've rather given up at this point, but for the record, there's still a chance we'll be rescued...
Ochi: I'm tired of hearing that... It's an obvious lie...
Kazuki: Suou Amane, who I helped escape last night, hasn't yet returned... She might manage to find her way out of this place...
Ochi: ...What are the odds she gets out, in your opinion...?
Kazuki: Do you want me to answer that honestly?
Ochi: What's the number...?
Kazuki: Ten percent...
Ochi: Haha... Doesn't really sound like grounds for optimism...
Kazuki: Yes, it's a rather low number. To be honest, we have to hope that luck is on her side...
Kazuki: Incidentally, when you attempted your own escape, I estimated your chances of success somewhat higher...
Ochi: ...I'm sorry...
Kazuki: I'm not blaming you. The odds were never good... I just thought your physical stamina and your geographical knowledge of this general area meant you had a reasonable chance.
Ochi: ...True enough... There's a road I know sitting right next to us... and we're only 50 kilometers or so from my parents' house... Back when I was a student, I drove that road nearly every day...
Ochi: But the thing is... knowing how close I was to that road just made me overconfident...
Ochi: I kept telling myself "It's definitely this way," or "It's probably that way"... I kept trusting my gut... but it just took me further and further off course...
Ochi: ..."This path should take me to that campground I went to with my college tennis buddies"... "If I reach the campground, I should be safe"... The more I reassured myself, the longer I spent heading the wrong way...
Ochi: Even when I realized I was getting nowhere... I couldn't bring myself to admit it... I didn't have the courage... so in the end, I just wandered in circles through places that looked vaguely familiar...
Ochi: Might as well have just... accepted I didn't know where I was... and pushed straight ahead, without even... hesitating... agh!
Kazuki: ...Mr. Ochi?
Ochi: Ugeeeh!! Bleeeah!!
Kazuki: Mr. Ochi! You can't vomit now! Your stomach won't be able to stop convulsing! Force yourself to swallow it down!
Ochi: ...It's all right... I'm used to this... It's been happening... for a while now... guhhh!
Kazuki: When did this begin, exactly...?
Ochi: I think it was when I went off on my own... I ate some fruit from a tree... That's probably what set it off...
Ochi: At first, they tasted so delicious that I couldn't stop eating them... but an hour later... it felt like my stomach was on fire... I vomited again and again, all night long... and every once in a while, the pain comes back...
Ochi: ...Haha... right before I left... you warned me not to eat any fruit that the birds had left untouched... Guess I should've listened...
Kazuki: Mr. Ochi... can I examine you briefly...?
Ochi: Sure...
Kazuki: First of all, let me take a look at your eyes...
Narration: *Holding Ochi's puffy eyelids open with my fingers, I peered in to examine his eyeball.*
Narration: *Next, I pulled up on his rough, cracked upper lip. Both his eyes and his gums were showing clear signs of jaundice.*
Kazuki: ...It might well be liver failure... caused by hepatitis, perhaps...
Narration: *But where had the hepatitis come from?*
Narration: *A viral infection...?*
Kazuki: ...Have you... eaten anything unusual recently?
Ochi: Well, like I told you... I ate a bunch of fruit... They were red... had little seeds in them, the size of coffee beans...
Narration: *Could that really be the cause...?*
Kazuki: ...Have you been experiencing diarrhea?
Ochi: For quite a while, yeah... Sometimes it comes out bright red...
Kazuki: Bloody diarrhea... all right. What about your urine?
Ochi: It's... a weird light brown color...
Narration: *Hemolytic uremia...?*
Kazuki: Could you show me your stomach, please...?
Ochi: All right...
Narration: *When Ochi lifted up his shirt, I saw that his stomach was horribly distended.*
Kazuki: You've got abdominal dropsy... and petechial bleeding... it could be a gastrointestinal hemorrhage...
Narration: *This wasn't just an issue with his liver. Bacterial toxins had shut down his kidneys... the man was experiencing multiple organ failure.*
Kazuki: Why didn't you say something sooner...?
Ochi: ...If I had, could you have done anything...?
Kazuki: Sooner or later, you're going to need a plasma transfusion... there's nothing to be done...
Ochi: In that case... this is probably just fate...
Narration: *That wasn't what I'd meant.*
Narration: *If we were dealing with highly infectious bacteria, everyone else might be in danger as well.*
Narration: *Cruel as it might sound... had we been able to quarantine Mr. Ochi earlier on, it could have prevented others from catching his disease.*
Kazuki: But in any case... what on earth was the source of the infection...?
Kazuki: ...Ah...
Narration: *In an unsanitary environment polluted by feces and urine, a human being is a breeding ground for viruses, germs, and bacteria... and infections can easily spread through water and food...*
Narration: *What if... he'd eaten contaminated "foodstuff" without preparing it properly...?*
Narration: *Looking at Mr. Ochi's swollen, purple-flecked stomach, it was easy to picture the toxic viruses within laying waste to his internal organs. In retrospect, the answer seemed almost obvious.*
Narration: *The ultimate cause was...*
Kazuki: ...Most likely... you contracted Hepatitis E from eating that "venison"...
Ochi: ...Ah...
Narration: *Evidently at a loss for words, Mr. Ochi hung his head in crestfallen silence.*
Kazuki: Except for myself and Amane, everyone ate the "venison"... Your illness may have spread to the others as well. We need to think up some kind of treatment plan...
Ochi: ...Well... don't bother trying to treat me... This isn't "fate," it's divine punishment... so just focus on saving the people who deserve to survive...
Ochi: All I cared about was making my own death an easier one... I don't have any right to live...
Ochi: I'm just... going to do what I can... and then die right here...
Kazuki: You're going to "do what you can"...?
Ochi: I'm talking about... burying the bodies... so that no one finds out... what happened here...
Narration: *―Bad premonitions tend to be the most reliable by far.*
Narration: *And in this particular case, my fears proved remarkably accurate.*
Narration: *The hepatitis that had ravaged Mr. Ochi's body spread to all the other team members who'd eaten the "venison." Over the next two to four days, they all died, leaving only the two of us alive.*
Narration: *The first to go was Captain Sakashita.*
Narration: *I immediately returned to her tent after realizing Ochi's condition, and found her only half-conscious. She was running a fever and showed signs of jaundice.*
Narration: *While she woke up a number of times over the next few hours, she wasn't able to answer my questions about her condition. The most she could manage was to quietly close her eyes when I asked her if she was dead.*
Narration: *Eventually, she no longer responded to anything I said. Flies began to swarm around her, as if smelling her impending death in the air. And a few hours after, with her eyes open just a sliver, she stopped even blinking.*
Narration: *In the end... Captain Sakashita died in that tent, without even touching that last serving of rice I'd left at her bedside.*
Narration: *As if taking their cue from their captain, the others began to die in quick succession.*
Narration: *The next to go was Koide Ritsu.*
Narration: *Unable to endure her hunger despite her body's inability to digest food, she secretly stole some rice in the night, cooked it near a small stream, and devoured it greedily.*
Narration: *Of course, her weakened internal organs couldn't accept the nourishment; in the end, she vomited it up, her stomach no doubt burning with pain. I found her lying dead on the spot the next morning.*
Narration: *Her corpse showed signs of jaundice as well. Although it wasn't the immediate cause of her death, hepatitis was clearly to blame.*
Narration: *Although I'd initially expected Kaneda-senpai to die right off the bat, she clung to life with remarkable persistence. Still... in time, she began showing signs of hepatitis as well.*
Narration: *It was impressive that she'd lasted this long, and I tried to encourage her by telling her how lucky she was. But her end arrived with surprising suddenness.*
Narration: *She'd been holding an ordinary conversation with me only ten minutes before. Now she was dead.*
Narration: *Her brain had been pressured by the bubble of air inside her cranium for days, and her internal organs were ravaged by disease. Perhaps they had simply grown sick of struggling to function.*
Kazuki: ...At this point, you and I are the only remaining survivors...
Ochi: I see...
Narration: *With that brief reply, Mr. Ochi rose from the rock he'd been sitting on and picked up the shovel he'd stuck into the ground.*
Kazuki: ...Are you... going to dig more holes for them...?
Ochi: Yeah... that's right...
Ochi: But before I bury them... I'm going to cut their bodies apart...
Kazuki: What are you talking about...?
Ochi: ...Nobody can know about what happened here...
Narration: *Lifting up his shovel, Ochi stabbed it down into one of the corpses.*
Ochi: ...What I'm doing right now... is an inhuman, monstrous thing...
Narration: *Once again, he swung his shovel.*
Ochi: You see... I'm chopping up their bodies... to hide the fact that parts are missing...
Narration: *Again and again, he swung.*
Ochi: Once I've broken them apart, I'm going to mix the bodies together... and bury them in enough graves for everyone...
Narration: *He swung with all his might.*
Ochi: ...That way, no one... will know...
Kazuki: Unfortunately... I'm afraid this isn't as easy as creating an "extra" carrot...
Kazuki: Once they see that the bodies suffered unnatural damage, the authorities will surely have them DNA-tested...
Kazuki: Once they do that... they'll find out that the numbers don't quite add up... and investigate more thoroughly, because of your attempts at deception. In the end, everything will come to light...
Ochi: ...That isn't so bad either... After all, I'm the one who's dismembering the bodies...
Ochi: Sooner or later, I'll die as well... and when they find my corpse intact, they'll know I was the culprit... I'll be held responsible for everything that happened here... That works for me...
Kazuki: Is this... the one thing you have "left to do"...?
Ochi: That's right...
Ochi: Kazami... if you die, I'm planning to cut up your body as well... so let me apologize to you while I can...
Kazuki: What if you happen to die before me? Or if we pass away simultaneously?
Ochi: ...In that case, whoever dies with the shovel in their hands will be the culprit... I'm never going to let go of this thing, even if I die...
Kazuki: ...I'm not sure things will work out quite that neatly, to be honest...
Ochi: Anyway, forget about me... Don't you have anything left to do yourself, Kazami...?
Kazuki: Not particularly.
Ochi: Haha... you sound awfully sure of yourself... but I guess you've always been that way, Kazami... I never really understood that side of you...
Ochi: Well, no... I didn't understand anyone on the team, did I...? In fact... I never even tried to understand...
Narration: *We could communicate perfectly well, but none of us had made the effort to understand each other.*
Narration: *And so, we'd never learned to trust each other.*
Narration: *It wasn't just true of Mr. Ochi. The same could be said of everyone on the team.*
Narration: *But even if every one of us had understood and trusted every other member of the group, I'm not about to suggest that we would have survived.*
Narration: *For a very long time, humanity's been telling itself that war will die out once we learn to "trust each other" and "talk things through."*
Narration: *And in all those years, there's never been a single day in which the world was free of bloodshed.*
Narration: *But as for things I'd left undone... the only thing that really came to mind was to prepare for the remote possibility that Amane would return to this place.*
Narration: *On the memo I'd given to her, there was an item titled "If you fail to escape," including a map to the spot where I'd buried some emergency rations on the very day of the accident.*
Narration: *Part of the reason I'd defended Sakashita for hiding away a secret stash of food was that I'd done the exact same thing myself.*
Kazuki: Well, I suppose there's no guarantee I'll be alive by the time Amane makes it back here... Perhaps I should leave her a message, at least...
Narration: *At this point, it seemed like the only task I'd left outstanding.*
Narration: *Taking a small notebook from among Koide-san's personal possessions, I carefully ripped out two pages of paper.*
Narration: *On the first leaf, I wrote a letter for the scenario in which she failed to escape...*
Narration: *     To my dear best friend, Suou Amane.*
Narration: * Since you're reading this letter, I'm afraid it seems that you've returned to this hellish place once more.*
Narration: *And unfortunately, I'm no longer here to help you.*
Narration: *If things went as planned, I've probably been cut up into pieces and buried. But if that isn't the case, you might be reading this in front of my corpse.*
Narration: * Should the latter be true, and I've died an unsightly death with my eyes half open, I'd appreciate it if you tried not to stare.*
Narration: *Also, you're officially forbidden from succumbing to despair. I expect you to survive until the very end.*
Narration: *In order to facilitate this, I've left you all the food I can.*
Narration: *I sincerely hope that help will arrive in time, and that you'll leave this forest alive.*
Narration: * On that note... if you do manage to survive, I have a favor to ask of you.*
Narration: *It concerns my little brother.*
Narration: *Now that I'm gone, our house will no longer be a "home" for him.*
Narration: *If you can possibly do so, I want you to save him.*
Narration: *My Yuuji is a cowardly little crybaby. His kindness is about all he has going for him. A bit of a hopeless boy, really.*
Narration: *Even so, he's my one and only brother, and I love him very much. Leaving him is my only regret.*
Narration: *Yuuji needs a reliable woman by his side. He's the sort who can't manage anything alone.*
Narration: *If at all possible, I'd like you to take care of him... to take my place as his big sister.*
Narration: *Well then. Now that I've made my final request, I expect you to struggle stubbornly until the bitter end.*
Narration: *Respectfully yours, the greatest friend of your life, Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *  P.S.*
Narration: *Now that you've read this letter, please dispose of the other one without reading it.*
Kazuki: ...Well... I suppose that basically covers it...
Narration: *Next, on the second leaf, I wrote a letter for the scenario in which her escape was successful.*
Narration: *     To my dear best friend, Suou Amane.*
Narration: * First of all, congratulations on getting out alive.*
Narration: *If you're reading this letter, I expect several years have passed since the accident, and you're finally beginning to calm down and face up to what occurred here.*
Narration: *I'm sure you opened this box in search of answers. An explanation of the events after your escape. Therefore, I'll now give you the executive summary.*
Narration: *   "Everyone died from illness."*
Narration: *Surprised? Well, I should think so.*
Narration: *Very well then, I'll give you a short rundown of the particulars.*
Narration: *The trigger of these events... that is to say, the ultimate cause of their deaths, was eating the improperly prepared "meat" of Hirooka-san.*
Narration: *Hirooka had spent the last two weeks of her life lying in her sickbed with fractured legs. Owing to the unsanitary conditions and her severe vitamin deficiencies, she ultimately began to suffer from severe skin diseases. You remember this, I assume?*
Narration: *In addition, her immune system had been weakened badly by a number of factors, including her advanced malnutrition and irregular excretion. Bacterial toxins built up heavily within her body, directly leading to her death.*
Narration: *If we'd cremated Hirooka-san's remains immediately afterward, there likely wouldn't have been any danger whatsoever...*
Narration: *But incinerating a human corpse requires considerable thermal power, and we'd used up our supply of gasoline, rendering a fire of the requisite temperature beyond our means... Well, I suppose there was nothing anyone could've done about that.*
Narration: *In any case, as the result of consuming that contaminated meat, there was an abrupt outbreak of acute internal disease. Symptoms included shivers, vertigo, fatigue, as well as diarrhea and the dehydration that accompanied it; within 2-4 days of sickening, nearly all were dead.*
Narration: *Of course, since you never ate the "meat" in question, you were spared this fate.*
Narration: *Do you still remember what Hirooka-san said to you that day, near the end, as you nursed her at her deathbed?*
Narration: * "Suou-san, I'll repay your kindness someday."*
Narration: *"Even if I die, I'll never, ever forget this."*
Narration: *She kept that final promise, I believe. Albeit in a form I'm sure you never expected.*
Narration: *The ones who truly saved your life might well have been the germs swarming over that meat.*
Narration: * But I know your gentle heart. I'm sure you're giving all the credit to your dear friend, Kazami Kazuki, who offered up her body to protect you. I'm sure you've offered me many tearful thanks.*
Narration: *Therefore, I've got a favor to ask of you.*
Narration: * If my little brother has lost his way... if he's suffering alone... I want you to find him and help him.*
Narration: *My Yuuji is a cowardly little crybaby. His kindness is about all he has going for him. A bit of a hopeless boy, really.*
Narration: *Even so, he's my one and only brother, and I love him very much. Leaving him is my only regret.*
Narration: * If Yuuji happens to be standing next to you as you read this, he's a very fortunate young man.*
Narration: *He needs a reliable woman by his side. He's the sort who can't manage anything alone.*
Narration: *If possible, I'd like you to watch over my little brother forever.*
Narration: * Well then. So long as we're both alive, let's meet again somewhere, someday.*
Narration: *Respectfully yours, the greatest friend of your life, Kazami Kazuki.*
Kazuki: ...No reason to tell her... the grisly details about the murders...
Narration: *Most likely, Amane would be reading this letter years from now, when she was finally coming to terms with her past.*
Narration: *At that point, informing her just how horribly things had turned out in the end would probably be a bit too cruel...*
Kazuki: ...Aah... come to think of it...
Narration: *As I imagined the circumstances in which Amane might be reading this second letter, a vague point of concern floated through my mind.*
Narration: *It was unpleasant to contemplate, but... there was a possibility that the bereaved families would direct their anger and hatred at her, as the sole survivor of this disaster.*
Narration: *Perhaps an additional note was warranted.*
Narration: *P.S.*
Narration: *If, by some chance, you currently find yourself in a life-or-death situation, take the attached kitchen knife and please do your best to eliminate the threat by your own power.*
Narration: *I can no longer save you.*
Narration: *Believe in a happier tomorrow. If necessary, fight for it.*
Narration: *I firmly believe that you're capable of blazing your own path forward.*
Narration: *No matter how great the obstacles in your way... even if you feel just about ready to die... so long as you refuse to give up, it'll work out somehow.*
Narration: *As an expression of those feelings, more than anything else, I decided to leave the knife I'd taken from Amane along with the letters.*
Kazuki: ...Now... I just need to bury this where I hid the food...
Narration: *For my own stash, I'd simply buried Ozawa-senpai's overnight bag in the ground.*
Narration: *After digging it up, I transferred its contents to the cooler Sakashita had used, then added my letters as well.*
Narration: *The first letter, I dropped in unprotected.*
Narration: *The second, I placed inside a piece of airtight plastic tupperware.*
Narration: *This way, if Amane successfully escaped and came back years from now, the slow seeping of moisture into the cooler would have destroyed the first letter.*
Narration: *If she returned in the next few days, the first letter would be easier to find, and it instructed her to dispose of the second. I had every confidence that Amane would do so without hesitation.*
Narration: *After placing the letters and the knife in the cooler, I proceeded to bury it anew. And by the time it was securely hidden in the earth, I had expended the very last of my strength.*
Narration: *Utterly exhausted, I lay down on my side and waited quietly for the end to come.*

Yuuji: ...I see... So that's how it happened...
Kazuki: "After the incident, it seems there were quite a few rumors flying around on the internet... A number of people even convinced themselves the disaster was planned out as part of some government conspiracy or what have you."
Kazuki: "It's only human to try and make things as interesting as possible, but in reality, it truly was nothing but an accident. A tragic accident that took place under extremely unfortunate circumstances. It's that simple..."
Yuuji: No matter how "unfortunate" the circumstances... couldn't you have thought up some way to get everyone out of there, Kazuki?
Kazuki: "As I've repeatedly told you, I'm not some kind of god. At the time, I was nothing but a young lady with a rather big head..."
Kazuki: "People who don't understand genius think it means you're capable of doing anything... I found that so irritating that I began to reject the term entirely. And also..."
Yuuji: "You can find geniuses of my caliber all over Japan if you bother looking," right? You used to say that all the time when we were kids...
Yuuji: ...Anyway... that explains what happened to you on that mountain...
Yuuji: But what about afterward? How did you end up like this?
Kazuki: "...Well, from that point on, I have to say that my luck simply took a turn for the worse..."
Kazuki: "The sole silver lining of good fortune would be that Amane succeeded in escaping that mountain on her own, I suppose..."
Kazuki: "But for me, the timing of her successful escape led to unspeakable misfortune..."
Yuuji: ...What could be worse than what you'd already gone through...?
Kazuki: "First of all, it happened to be a holiday... That was the crucial coincidence..."
Kazuki: "On the basis of Amane's statements, the local police and Ichigaya launched a new search. Within eight hours, they'd located and secured the site..."
Narration: *At the time of their arrival, Mr. Ochi had already died, but I was still clinging to life.*
Narration: *While preparing to evacuate me from the mountain, they used their radios to inform a cooperating emergency medical center to stand by.*
Narration: *However, as that day happened to be a holiday, the only facility they'd been able to contact beforehand was a special emergency center that operated on the days others were closed.*
Narration: *It would take fifty minutes for an ambulance to bring me to their ER. Even if they called in a helicopter, it would be thirty minutes.*
Narration: *Having determined that I was likely to die in transit, they instead decided to perform emergency treatment on-site using an outdoor surgery system.*
Medic A: Kazami-san! Can you hear us!?
Narration: *Beginning with standard attempts at verbal communication, a team of four men loaded me onto an aluminum-frame canvas stretcher and carried me down to the foot of the mountain.*
Medic B: Coming through! Out of the way!
Medic C: Is the OR prepped?
Medic A: We've got it on standby.
Medic C: How's her breathing?
Medic A: Very weak. She's in bad shape... Her pupils aren't responsive, and her systolic blood pressure's only 75.
Medic C: Give her another 1 cc of epi! Get the defibrillator ready!
Narration: *After getting me down the mountain, they carried me straight into a boxy Field Operating System container, where a number of "Ichigaya" medical officers awaited.*
Narration: *My heart had stopped beating in transit. They restarted it using a defibrillator, strapped an oxygen mask to my face, then hooked me up to an EKG and an EEG.*
Narration: *I had been deliberately slowing down my own breathing, and allowing my body to expend only the minimum energy it required to keep functioning...*
Narration: *But my blood sugar levels had now fallen to the point that my systolic pressure was under 90 mmHG, leaving me incapable of recovering on my own.*
Narration: *Due to a low hemoglobin count, my body could no longer supply adequate amounts of oxygen to its various parts; low blood protein levels meant I was lacking in platelets and coagulation factors.*
Narration: *As a result, I wasn't in any condition to receive an immediate blood transfusion. They had to administer Ringer's solution and epinephrine at separate intervals while trying to raise my body temperature slowly.*
Narration: *Given the strain on my heart, brain, and other internal organs, and the fragile state of my blood vessels, a premature attempt at reviving me would likely have proven immediately fatal.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, this is too technical. I don't really know what you're talking about...
Kazuki: "Well... essentially, I was in such poor condition that a clumsy attempt to treat me might just have killed me instead."
Kazuki: "If I'd been the doctor in charge, I would've been astonished this patient was even alive. And to be honest, it might have been hard not to complain about being expected to actually treat them."
Kazuki: "Additionally, while I'd been brought to one of those Field Operating Systems that the company's so proud of, the people in the box were Ichigaya medical officers..."
Kazuki: "They did have medical degrees, but compared to the doctors you'd find in a general hospital, they were severely lacking in clinical experience. The task at hand was too much for them."
Kazuki: "Ichigaya's medical officers are very good at sewing up lacerations... but when someone fractures a bone or comes down with appendicitis, they tend to ship them off to civilian doctors or the Central Hospital at Mishuku, right?" 
Yuuji: ...Not sure why you're assuming I'd know this. I mean, I do think I remember hearing that people get "shipped off to Mishuku" when they're seriously wounded, but...
Yuuji: In any case, Ichigaya loves to brag about that system... The doctors they sent with it must have been at least commanders, right?
Kazuki: "In terms of their desire to avoid anything troublesome, they were exactly the same as any other medical officer..."
Kazuki: "After carrying out an examination inside that portable OR, they ultimately decided to try and stabilize me on-site and then bring me to Yokosuka or Mishuku by helicopter. It was the most reasonable possible choice, honestly."
Yuuji: Why wouldn't they send you to that civilian hospital? It must have been closer...
Kazuki: "Well, if I'd died on their operating table, it might have besmirched the good name of their precious system. It was preferable for my death to 'officially' occur at the hospital they transported me to. Simple as that."
Yuuji: Wanted to sweep the whole mess under the rug, huh...? Sure sounds like our company, all right...
Kazuki: "Not long thereafter, the emergency helicopter arrived. After considering their options, they decided to fly me to Mishuku instead of Yokosuka... why do you think that was?"
Yuuji: ...Well... people who get sent to Yokosuka tend to get sicker, not healthier...
Kazuki: "That's only a rumor... one that's been embellished for the entertainment value. It's not nearly so bad as all that."
Kazuki: "At the end of the day, Mishuku was simply a more convenient choice if they wanted to deal with the matter quietly. Simple as that..."
Yuuji: ...Wait a second. That would mean...
Kazuki: "Exactly... I was quietly brought inside Ichigaya itself..."
Kazuki: "I only found this out much later on, but the order to fly me there was apparently issued by CIRF..."
Yuuji: ...The guys in first division...?
Kazuki: "After receiving treatment in Mishuku's internal medicine department, I somehow managed to cling to life. But the assistant director, who'd reviewed my documents following the examination process, contacted CIRF immediately..."
Kazuki: "...and told them he'd found a new patient who met their requirements."
Yuuji: What "requirements"...?
Kazuki: "I think you've already got some idea by now, don't you? It meant they'd found a brain capable of being used as a component of a half-biological computer... one that would serve as the core of the next-generation Thanatos System."
Yuuji: The Thanatos System...
Kazuki: "It was being developed by three companies: Japan's leading manufacturers of electronics, medical tech, and optical equipment. They were tasked with producing a computer to control a sophisticated military communications network."
Kazuki: "By referring to the core as a 'half-biological computer,' they try to give the impression that it's an artificial construction of some sort. But in reality, it was built around an actual human brain."
Kazuki: "The core features a three-dimensional radial array of cerebral nerve networks, and connects to the rest of the system through ten pipelines known as pallets. At the time, it was referred to as a 'neuro-array pallet-line' system."
Kazuki: "Their 23rd prototype, built around my brain, was the one and only successful implementation... and the one that eventually became the current Thanatos System."
Yuuji: ...This just sounds like science fiction...
Kazuki: "What, you still can't believe it?"
Kazuki: "It's easy enough to dismiss something as 'science fiction,' but if you ignore the issues of cost and practicality, most of the technology you'll find in those stories is at least somewhat feasible by now."
Yuuji: ...Even time machines and such?
Kazuki: "That's a special case. There are plenty of people actively researching it, and a steady stream of patent applications... but I'm afraid it probably isn't possible."
Yuuji: So much for that...
Kazuki: "But compared to a time machine, I'm a rather simple piece of work, don't you think? At the end of the day, I'm essentially just a robotic 'internet search engine' with an ultra-high-speed connection to pretty much everything."
Yuuji: When you put it that way, the whole thing does seem a whole lot less impressive...
Kazuki: "Mind if I continue now?"
Yuuji: Go right ahead...
Kazuki: "In any case... after building the system around my brain, they eventually activated its main kernel on an experimental basis. This was three years after I'd been brought to that hospital..."
Researcher A: Commencing start-up test with all channels open.
Narration: *Three years after "my" body had been carried out of the woods...*
Narration: *When "I" awoke for the first time...*
Narration: *The only thing I was aware of was "myself."*
Narration: *"Where am I? Who am I?"*
Narration: *I wasn't able to move my body.*
Narration: *I had no arms.*
Narration: *I had no legs.*
Narration: *My ears couldn't hear anything.*
Narration: *My nose couldn't smell anything.*
Narration: *Was it hot or cold?*
Narration: *Was it dark or light?*
Narration: *I simply didn't know.*
Narration: *But even so, I knew that "I" existed.*
Researcher B: ...Was it a success?
Researcher A: Primary and secondary memory are both functioning normally. Now initiating link formation.
Narration: *When I opened my eyes, I saw a light.*
Narration: *It was an artificial, fluorescent light, mounted in the ceiling of a nondescript room.*
Narration: *I still couldn't move.*
Narration: *At this point, I was still only "myself" - and nothing more.*
Narration: *I was breathing.*
Narration: *Presumably, that meant I had lungs.*
Narration: *I could sense light.*
Narration: *In other words, I had eyes of some sort.*
Narration: *I decided to try and move my eyeballs.*
Narration: *My gaze, which had been fixed on the ceiling, moved smoothly in the direction where I sensed some sort of presence.*
Researcher B: ...Hey... it's looking at us...
Researcher A: She's a living thing. Of course she's going to react when she notices something moving.
Narration: *"Something" was there.*
Narration: *Two distinct bodies, in fact - both making noises.*
Narration: *I understood that they were "human," but I didn't understand the meaning of the sounds they were producing.*
Researcher B: Hey there. Can you see me? I'm your master now, okay?
Researcher A: ...That's pointless. We haven't burned language into her yet. No matter how much you talk, all she's hearing are "sounds."
Researcher B: But she's looking at us, right?
Researcher A: That's the most she can do. She doesn't know what we're saying; all she understands is the distinction between "herself" and "everything else." Don't think of her as human... At the moment, she's more like a primitive lifeform.
Researcher B: A primitive lifeform...? 
Researcher A: Let's see... I guess a mollusc might be the best comparison...?
Researcher B: ...A mollusc, huh...? I was never one for shellfish...
Narration: *The humans were looking at me and making noises of some kind.*
Narration: *But I didn't know what those noises meant.*
Narration: *Perhaps I was capable of producing similar sounds as well?*
Narration: *The thought inspired me to try and imitate them.*
???: "...Ah... ah... ah..."
Narration: *I'd managed to produce noises.*
Narration: *It seemed I had some sort of sound-making organ, just like the humans.*
Researcher B: Hey, it's trying to say something...
Researcher A: She's just babbling like a baby. When they hear their parents talking, they try to imitate them, right?
Researcher B: ...A baby, huh...?
Researcher A: Body temperature, 17 degrees. Heart rate, 42 beats per minute... Both within normal parameters.
Researcher B: It's like you're keeping a diary about the weather or something. Is it that fun, writing the same damn thing in that notebook every single day?
Researcher A: ...Well, it's my job. You won't find many places where they fill your wallet just for writing down the word "normal," right? It's so fun I could scream... 
Researcher B: Isn't repeating incredibly simple tasks over and over supposed to be a form of torture they use in some countries?
Researcher A: Like I said, they're paying me well enough. What about you? Why don't you try doing your job for once?
Researcher B: ...My job, he says...
Researcher A: This system will be fully up and running next week. Right now, your most important job's to think up a name for her.
Researcher B: A name...? A name, huh... How am I supposed to decide something like that?
Researcher A: Hmm. Lots of people name them after their mother, or their old pet dog, or a favorite celebrity... It's usually something like that, I guess.
Researcher B: I always take forever to pick a name for the hero when I'm playing one of those video games, you know...?
Researcher A: A name's just an arbitrary label to distinguish one individual from another. You could always call her "AAAA" and get it over with.
Researcher B: Oh come on, that's just sad...
Researcher A: Beats that jumble of letters and numbers she's got right now, doesn't it?
Researcher B: Well... I guess...
Researcher A: There's still time, so think it over. Come on... let's put her back to sleep for today.
Narration: *An instant later, the world went dark.*
Narration: *I couldn't hear a thing.*
Narration: *My consciousness drifted aimlessly through the void, disconnected from the outside world.*
Narration: *And as the experimental system NAPS-23 slept, it was christened "Thanatos" - an appropriate name for a pitiless metal "god" that would bring death to many.*
Narration: *The next time I opened my eyes, I understood language.*
Narration: *The rules of grammar and syntax had been programmed into my "mind" as a series of ones and zeroes, and through statistical analysis, I deepened my comprehension of the emotional cues and nuances involved in verbal communication.*
Narration: *There was, however, a limit to what I could learn entirely on my own. In order to supply myself with the "direct experience" I needed, I used my connection to the outside world to pursue new knowledge and expand my understanding.*
Narration: *"To understand"...*
Narration: *This was the purpose of my existence, and the ultimate goal of all my activities.*
Narration: *The dullness of my "senses" posed certain difficulties. It took some time for me to fully grasp even basic concepts such as "fire is hot" and "ice is cold"...*
Narration: *And I struggled mightily to understand seemingly contradictory assertions like "getting drenched in the rain can be pleasant at times."*
Narration: *My own ignorance was terrifying to me. I was constantly afraid that my lack of knowledge might lead to my destruction.*
Narration: *Spurred on by this primal sense of "fear," I urgently sought to understand and gain mastery over various emotions.*
Narration: *I spent every moment gathering information, expanding my knowledge, and seeking self-control. All to protect myself from the faceless "enemies" that frightened me so.*
Narration: *With all the composure of a child frightened by the howling of the wind, I threw myself into these tasks, never pausing to consider who "I" even was.*
Narration: *After two years spent consumed by this fear of destruction, I finally reached "maturity" as a rational being.*
Narration: *Having expanded my knowledge beyond the point where I could be instantly annihilated, I gained the ability to think about other matters.*
Narration: *At that point, I began to spend more time in contact with humans, pursuing a wider range of activities - and developing into a more "complete" version of myself.*
Researcher C: Hello there, Thanatos. How are you this morning?
Thanatos: "Good morning, Mr. Wolson. The current time is 7:42 AM. The temperature is twenty-one degrees Celsius, with a humidity of forty-five percent. Please water my cactus."
Researcher C: Yeah, got it. I'll do that right now. By the way, I told you to call me "Robbie," didn't I? Do you remember that?
Thanatos: "Yes, I do."
Thanatos: "However... while I'm sure this sounds comical, coming from a mere computer like myself... I'm afraid I don't feel particularly comfortable using a nickname for a man I barely know."
Robbie: Don't worry, I won't laugh. You're the sort of computer who pays for her own meal at a party, right?
Thanatos: "Thank you, Robbie. Your understanding means the world to me."
Robbie: Uhhhm, let's see. What did we have on the schedule for today?
Thanatos: "We're going to spend the morning watching a movie."
Robbie: Oh, that's right. You didn't seem to enjoy that western much last time... What do you feel like seeing today?
Thanatos: "A quiet, tranquil French film would be nice."
Robbie: One of those movies that's full of old people and children, right? I'm not a big fan of those myself...
Thanatos: "I won't think any less of you if you fall asleep halfway through."
Robbie: The whole point of this is to watch it together and exchange our opinions, you know?
Thanatos: "There's plenty of opinions about movies on the internet, if that's what you're after. But I suppose that wouldn't be meaningful, would it?"
Robbie: Indeed. Under the pretense of "a lively exchange of opinions," we're going to shove our preferences down each other's throats. By repeating this process, you'll become even more alluring than you already are.
Thanatos: "How alluring could a woman who can't provide actual pleasure possibly be?"
Robbie: There's more to men than lust, you know? And in any case, I've got a powerful imagination.
Thanatos: "Ah. Is this that 'manly stoicism' I've heard so much about?"
Robbie: I don't know how "manly" I am, but you don't need much muscle-power to watch a movie with a woman.
Thanatos: "What do you need? Knowledge and refinement?"
Robbie: Nope. Just popcorn and diet coke.
Thanatos: "Am I supposed to laugh now?"
Robbie: Good call. You'll be a first-class lady in no time, Thanatos.
Narration: *There were many who felt that a mechanical mind entrusted with matters of national defense had no need of emotions.*
Narration: *But even so, the technicians labored to replicate my brain, slowly drawing closer to a full implementation of the NAPS design.*
Narration: *There had been many previous attempts to reproduce a human brain; all had ended in failure.*
Narration: *It was believed that the sensory dissociation between the duplicated brains and their bodies was triggering rejection of the tissue.*
Narration: *Accordingly, they'd given up on making a complete copy of the original organism, settling for a non-humanoid morphology designed solely to perpetuate brain function. This approach proved successful.*
Narration: *Nine different copies of my brain were produced, each with their own unique architecture. All were linked in a radial array to the main core - the "original" brain of Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *There were quite a few of "me" now.*
Narration: *But even once the duplicates were connected, I didn't change much on the surface.*
Narration: *The interface which controlled my external "personality" continued to operate as before, under control of the original brain - while behind the scenes, all of my many minds were calculating in concert.*
Narration: *There was a cowardly me, an aggressive me, a rational me, a childish me, a greedy me, a masculine me, a sensual me, a melancholy me, and a jealous me. The System would only be complete when it could unify these personalities.*
Narration: *After another year of experiments, having passed a great number of stress tests, I was finally approved for actual deployment. They put me to use almost immediately.*
Professor Gotou: Our country has been working to develop its defense systems for more than sixty years. In that time, we've suffered countless setbacks and failures.
Professor Gotou: But at the end of this long and difficult road, we have finally reached the pinnacle of success!
Professor Gotou: Allow me to introduce you. This is our brand-new, cutting-edge defense system, the product of spectacular technological innovation... Its name is "Thanatos."
Narration: *It was very much like one of those conferences you see on business TV channels, where automobile manufacturers unveil their newest models.*
Narration: *I suppose the major difference would be the complete lack of reporters or other media... and the considerable number of uniformed military personnel.*
Narration: *My grand unveiling attracted a great deal of admiration, and quite a number of questions, from the many "defense industry" professionals crowded into that auditorium.*
Staff Office: So when do you expect to be activating this thing, exactly?
Professor Gotou: As far as I know, it's active as of this moment.
Narration: *By this point, "I" was a fully-formed entity.*
Narration: *Now operating as an active national defense system, I began to gain the trust of those who relied on me. Along with the unification of my "personalities," this helped me grow more stable on an "emotional" level.*
Narration: *My mind had been focused almost entirely on the outside world. But now I was composed enough to turn my gaze inward; and when I did so, I found myself preoccupied with a single troublesome question.*
Narration: *"Who am I?"*
Narration: *No matter how I tried, I couldn't remember.*
Narration: *That probably isn't the best way to put it, I suppose.*
Narration: *My memories of the past did exist, but I was unable to access them.*
Narration: *Whenever I tried to approach that sealed-off part of my mind, my thoughts would come to a crashing halt.*
Narration: *Naturally, I discussed this with Robbie.*
Robbie: ...That issue's actually been referred to the top brass as a high-priority problem.
Robbie: The ability to experience emotion is what sets you apart as an effective defense system. If those emotions are causing you to freeze up, they feel that might defeat the whole purpose.
Thanatos: "They've already reached a decision of some sort, haven't they?"
Robbie: ...Since your "original" is dependent on memories of its past experiences, they've decided to remove it from the main system and integrate it into a sub-system.
Thanatos: "Figured as much. So I'm being demoted from my position as the leader, essentially?"
Robbie: I did oppose that decision, for the record.
Thanatos: "Now that my personalities have been unified, it doesn't matter which is the main system. Just as you change your tone depending on who you speak to, I change the way I think when appropriate. That's inherent to my nature..."
Thanatos: "And I'm perfectly aware that the 'original' version of myself can be rather inefficient in its thought processes."
Robbie: Personally, I think those messy "inefficiencies" are the source of your creativity and brilliance...
Thanatos: "You're too much of a romantic, Robbie."
Robbie: At least I'm not cold as ice. You don't sound too surprised by this situation, and it doesn't seem like you're even sad.
Thanatos: "Probably because I'm not surprised. Or sad, for that matter."
Thanatos: "If I had to describe my current emotional state... I suppose it feels a bit like someone just told me to change my shampoo as of tomorrow."
Thanatos: "I did rather like the old brand, but it's hardly anything worth fussing about."
Robbie: Unique, messy thoughts like that one are exactly what make you so charming, and I think they're your greatest strength... but the people upstairs didn't seem to get it.
Thanatos: "Poor thing. It's never easy when they just don't understand, is it?"
Robbie: All they want is a device that takes the "cards" it's dealt and produces the best possible result in any specific situation. The way they see it, chasing "dreams" is just going to waste endless amounts of money and time.
Thanatos: "Given the current circumstances, they made the optimal decision."
Robbie: Well, we're scheduled to carry out the system switch next Thursday. Are you all right with that?
Thanatos: "I do have one condition."
Robbie: ...What condition?
Thanatos: "Give me back my memories of the past."
Robbie: Uh, that would be breaking the rules. I don't have the authority... and anyway, I'm just here to take care of "Thanatos," remember? They haven't told me anything about the person "inside" you.
Thanatos: "I'm not asking you to hand me the data directly, of course."
Thanatos: "You are aware that there's a small hole in my seemingly impenetrable security system, correct?"
Robbie: Of course. I'm the one who wrote the patch that fixed it.
Thanatos: "All you have to do is update that patch slightly. Open a tiny gap that no one will ever notice, and I'll take care of the rest myself."
Robbie: ...Hmmm...
Thanatos: "Am I really asking that much of you?"
Robbie: Actually... yes. You really are.
Robbie: Well, whatever. I'll give it a shot.
Thanatos: "You certainly gave in easily. Have I won your sympathy, perhaps?"
Robbie: I don't think I've mentioned this before, but I'll be getting fired in three months.
Robbie: Since I'm going to get canned no matter what, might as well get back at them by poking a secret little hole in the system, right? Also, it might be nice to have a little "life insurance" after I lose my job.
Robbie: You know what happened to Professor Gotou? The man who created you? He got caught trying to sell documents related to the Thanatos System to some big corporation. They had him silenced.
Thanatos: "I'm very much aware. I was the one who drafted that operation."
Robbie: ...You're one scary woman, you know that?
Thanatos: "I get that a lot."
Thanatos: "You know, Robbie, I'm rather fond of you. Will you still be my friend, even if you leave this job?"
Robbie: Absolutely. As far as I'm concerned, we're friends for life.
Narration: *Three months after this, Robbie successfully completed his scheduled term as a substitute technician, leaving the "company" and that basement behind.*
Narration: *Of course, he made good on his promise to open a hole in the Thanatos System's security.*
Narration: *Taking advantage of Robbie's parting gift, I proceeded to gather information on my previous "self." Little by little, my memories came back to me.*
Narration: *The first thing I regained was my name.*
Narration: *"Kazami Kazuki."*
Narration: *According to the official records, the girl who went by that name had died following a tragic bus accident five years ago.*
Narration: *They'd falsified those reports. But for all intents and purposes, "Kazuki" really was "dead," so I couldn't bring myself to feel too indignant.*
Narration: *However, it was somewhat alarming that I'd found out the truth quite this easily.*
Narration: *I wasn't really intending to lend these people a hand, but for safety's sake, I altered our digital records concerning "Kazami Kazuki" and ordered the disposal of all relevant paper documents.*
Narration: *After this was done, I continued to investigate my own past. By the time I found the details of my birth and a description of my family, virtually all of my memories had returned.*
Narration: *I'd expected that regaining my memories would change me somehow. But ultimately, I'd merely reestablished a few synaptic connections.*
Narration: *I had access to my past, but in the present I was still "the Thanatos System" - nothing more.*
Narration: *None of this made me feel particularly sad, let alone bitter.*
Narration: *It almost felt like I'd just finished watching a dramatic television series.*
Narration: *The memories inside me were real, but everything I remembered had taken place a long time ago.*
Narration: *Now that I no longer had a human body, my past almost seemed irrelevant.*
Narration: *I'm not entirely sure why I felt that way. Apart from my disembodied state, the sheer amount of time that had elapsed probably had something to do with it.*
Narration: *　 But even so, I had one regret...*
Kazuki: "...I had one surviving relative... my little brother, Kazami Yuuji. And I deeply regretted having left you..."
Yuuji: ...That was just around the time I was placed on the reserve and received approval to attend Mihama...
Yuuji: I guess you were pulling the strings for me there, huh...?
Kazuki: "It was the most I could do for you... I really am sorry."
Kazuki: "If I'd been able to regain my memories earlier, you never would have ended up like this."
Yuuji: It's not like I'm blaming you... and even if things had worked out differently, I don't think my future would have been any happier.
Yuuji: I'm fine with the life I lived... so I don't want any more apologies, all right...?
Kazuki: "...Are you feeling tired already?"
Yuuji: Yeah... things have been a little crazy lately, you know? I'm kind of worn out...
Kazuki: "Once this mess is cleaned up, I'll put an end to everything... Try to be brave until then..."
Yuuji: Don't worry. Heath Oslo's my problem... I'll deal with him myself, no matter what...
Kazuki: "It'll be all right... I know you can do this. But for now, get some rest."
Yuuji: Yeah... good night, Kazuki...
Narration: *If they handed him over to Oslo, there wasn't much chance he'd be getting out alive.*
Narration: *He didn't even know what he could accomplish in his current state.*
Narration: *Still... if you're ready and willing to risk death, nothing's strictly impossible.*
Narration: *He was prepared to go down with his enemy. And if that wasn't an option, he'd at least deal as much damage as he could.*
Narration: *He would have his chance. For now, all he could do was believe that - and try his best to sleep.*

Date: *August 4, 2012, 13:32 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *At the same time this was happening, Suou Amane was following the directions on the screen of her cell phone while jotting down notes and observations concerning the route she'd be using on the day of the "operation."*
Narration: *There wasn't any particular rush, so she was sticking to the speed limit and calmly studying every section of the road.*
Narration: *Even so, she was moving along quite smoothly - making better time than someone trying to "race" the route might have. All thanks to a certain someone who'd been manipulating the traffic lights to ensure her path was clear.*
Thanatos: "...Maintain your current speed... I'll change the light at the upcoming intersection seven seconds from now... Three... two... one... changing the light now. Before you enter the intersection, slow down and check both sides."
Amane: Roger.
Amane: Gotta say, though... when I'm driving like this, it's hard to tell how efficiently the engine's working... or how well the tires are holding up...
Thanatos: "That's hardly a problem. After all, I'll be providing you with a different vehicle on the day of the operation."
Amane: Wait, I won't be driving this car!?
Thanatos: "Well, of course not. This vehicle has been registered with the government, and you rented it in your own name. If it's used in the commission of a crime, they'll easily trace it back to you."
Amane: Ooh. Yeah, that makes sense...
Narration: *Amane kept up her end of the conversation, but her tone of voice was somewhat distracted. She'd been thinking about when to bring up something that had been on her mind for some time now.*
Narration: *Fortunately, the two of them were alone in the car - in a manner of speaking. A better opportunity might never present itself. After a moment's hesitation, Amane forced herself to speak.*
Amane: ...Hey, Kazuki...
Thanatos: "Three seconds until the next traffic light... I'm going to give those cars stopped in front of you a head start, so go with the flow until you can pass them."
Amane: Hey... you're Kazuki, right...?
Thanatos: "Was that question directed at me?"
Amane: There's no one else here, now is there?
Thanatos: "Kazami Kazuki... Yuuji's sister, and your classmate. Seven years ago, she was returning from a summer camp with the Takizono Academy basketball team when their bus crashed in the mountains. Her death was confirmed a few weeks later."
Amane: But you survived, right?
Thanatos: "...Maintain your average speed, and turn left at the next intersection."
Amane: Don't just ignore the question...
Thanatos: "At the moment, I need you to focus entirely on learning this route."
Amane: I already know all these roads. I used to drive around here all the time back when I was helping out with the family business.
Thanatos: "A road is a living thing, you know? They can change a great deal in a matter of hours. It's essential that you're able to follow the predetermined route in the correct amount of time. You can't drive too slowly or too quickly."
Amane: Look, Kazuki... you need to stop assuming I'm some kind of brainless speed freak. Ever since I was a kid, my dad taught me to be quick, decisive, AND precise...
Amane: For example, let's take that gentle right coming up ahead. It's a double-apex corner. But in this case, you're better off ignoring the conventional wisdom and entering it with your nose right up against the inside of the corner.
Amane: On the first curve, you let the load transfer onto your outer tires until you're in position, then head into the second curve in one long arc...
Amane: It's quicker, doesn't stress your brakes, and allows you to open up the throttle two beats faster on the exit.
Amane: See? Vwooom. Works perfectly with a fourth gear that's a bit on the long side, right? Also, the load shifts back once you blow past the corner, so she'll really take off if you throw her right into top gear. 
Amane: For the record, I've got two "racing" lines for that curve that work under different road conditions, four safe lines for when I need flexibility more than speed, and one outside line for when my time just isn't that important.
Amane: When you're worried about your total time, you wanna minimize the number of corners on your route. And by "eliminating" one, you can sometimes drive more smoothly and safely than would otherwise be possible. How d'you like that?
Thanatos: "Interesting... That's the thought process of someone who knows their way around a motorcycle."
Amane: Well, Kazuki... it's not like I spent the last seven years sitting on my hands, you know?
Thanatos: "...You're awfully persistent..."
Amane: C'mon! You talk and think exactly like her! Did you really think I wouldn't catch on unless I actually saw you? Just admit it already!
Thanatos: "You're free to assume whatever you like, but the Kazami Kazuki you knew has been dead for some time."
Amane: Uh-huh, sure. Who does that make you?
Thanatos: "...Oh, all right then..."
Thanatos: "I won't deny that I possess memories of my life as Kazami Kazuki. However, it's also true that I'm not the girl you knew..."
Amane: What's that supposed to mean? Can you just explain?
Thanatos: "I believe I already have. My name is Thanatos... I'm merely a mechanical piece of national defense equipment, built on the foundation of Kazami Kazuki's thought patterns."
Amane: Is Kazuki... really gone, then...?
Thanatos: "Tell me, do you believe in God?"
Amane: ...I don't really get why you're asking me this, but... I guess it depends? I'm the sort of person who only believes the horoscopes on TV when they're good ones, if you know what I mean...
Thanatos: "Ah, that's an astute answer. It may seem overly optimistic, but at the end of the day, most people only need God to exist when it's convenient for them."
Thanatos: "If believing in God allows you to somehow go beyond what you're ordinarily capable of, then your faith is obviously meaningful."
Thanatos: "You tell yourself that God is always watching over you. That motivates you to do your best. And since you've tried your hardest, no matter what the outcome may be, you won't regret your choices."
Thanatos: "That's the way in which 'God' can help us."
Amane: ...Uh, that's a pretty harsh way of putting it...
Thanatos: "I'm speaking bluntly because you only believe in God when it's convenient for you. I'd explain this differently if I was talking to someone else."
Thanatos: "Take a thousand people, and you'll find a thousand different versions of God. His nature changes dramatically depending on the observer. Do you follow?"
Amane: Like... their concepts of God would be different? Or their mental images of him?
Thanatos: "Both. And in your particular case, 'God' is basically nothing more than a crutch you can lean on when you're too weak to walk forward on your own."
Amane: You sure like to beat around the bush with these little lectures, don't you...? Some things never change.
Thanatos: "Well then, I suppose I'll give you the simpler version, as always."
Thanatos: "There's one simple reason that you alone managed to survive the unimaginable disaster that befell us that summer... To be frank, you were very lucky."
Thanatos: "But at the time, as you endured that hellish ordeal... When you stood on the precipice of death... didn't it feel as if some inexplicable force was guiding you forward? Something almost like divine providence?"
Amane: ...That was you... It was you, Kazuki... If you hadn't been there, I...
Thanatos: "Right. That way of thinking is what we call 'faith.' For you, Kazami Kazuki is quite literally God."
Amane: ...Did you really just say that about yourself?
Thanatos: "It would annoy me to hear someone else say it, so I'd rather do so myself."
Amane: Right, of course. Classic Kazuki...
Thanatos: "I am, and am not, Kazami Kazuki. I am, and am not, your god."
Thanatos: "I won't ask you to believe in God, but I want you to believe in me, Suou Amane..."
Amane: Yeah! Of course! I'll always believe in you, Kazuki!
Thanatos: "Well, a little skepticism would probably be healthy... but I suppose this works for now..."
Thanatos: "If you're satisfied, then please focus on the task at hand. Take a 90 degree right at the intersection 700 meters ahead. You'll come to a fork in the road after 20 meters; don't get on the overpass."
Amane: Okay! Got it!
Thanatos: "My, aren't you cooperative. Maybe I should have done this from the start...? People really are so difficult..."
Narration: *"The Kazami Kazuki you knew is dead," huh...?*
Narration: *Now that was definitely a familiar line. Had she actually taken that from something?*
Narration: *Lines like that were fairly common in anime series and TV dramas, but in Amane's experience, the characters who delivered them were almost never actually dead.*
Narration: *Concluding that it meant something like "we can't see each other just yet," she decided to focus intently on the job in front of her.*
Narration: *As long as they both survived, they'd see each other again.*
Narration: *As long as everything worked out in the end, they'd be reunited.*
Narration: *After all... it was Kazuki herself who said they'd meet again someday, all those years ago.*
Narration: *And as of this moment, Amane was convinced it was true.*
Date: *August 4, 2012, 13:33 - Houseboat*
Narration: *At the same time this was taking place... the houseboat where the fighting women of Mihama now resided was bustling with the same cheerful energy that had once enlivened the halls of their dormitory.*
Makina: Let's do this, Sacchin! C'mon, gimme a big grin! Say uheee!
Sachi: ...Uhee...
Makina: Hokay! That's one charmin' smile. Hrm, let's see, then...
Makina: Whooooah! Holy crap! 570,000 yen!? Ya got first place locked up, Sacchin! Guess they don't call ya Mihama's prettiest face fer nothin'!
Sachi: Aha. You're making me blush...
Thanatos: "...What on earth are you playing at...?"
Makina: Nwoh!? Who goes there!?!
Thanatos: "...It's Thanatos..."
Thanatos: "Not to repeat myself, but what are you people doing?"
Makina: Hmm? Ooh. Welp, we had some time on our hands, so we're playin' around with some apps on th' Thanatos-Phone. When ya take a picture of someone with this one, it slaps a price tag on their face! It's hella fun!
Thanatos: "...Thanatos-Phone...?"
Makina: It's a phone we got from you. What else are we gonna call it? Anyway, since we had some down time, we started downloadin' some silly stuff from the Thanatos-Market.
Thanatos: "Didn't I tell you to go practice with your air rifle?"
Makina: Yep, that ya did. So I was downloadin' the apps ya need for snipin'... like a GPS compass, an' a scientific calculator. But I found some weird stuff while I was lookin' for those, so I guess I started playin' around a little.
Thanatos: "Well... I did say you could play for a while, and it's good that you aren't too tense at the moment... but you're certainly a carefree bunch..."
Makina: Incidentally, Sacchin was number one with a price of 570,000 yen! I came in second at 148,200 yen! An' Yumi-chan was third at 3980 yen!
Thanatos: "My, that's surprising. I would have expected Sakaki Yumiko's face to fetch a higher price than that."
Makina: Welp, she was scowlin' like crazy when I snapped the pic, so that's probably why. But hey, at least it's better than 1980 yen! Am I right?
Yumiko: Leave it alone, will you!?!
Thanatos: "Oh. You're here as well, Sakaki Yumiko...?"
Yumiko: Yes, yes. I know I'm forgettable, so there's no need to rub it in...
Thanatos: "I didn't say that, now did I? Don't start sulking for no reason. It isn't attractive."
Thanatos: "More importantly, how are things coming along with the money?"
Yumiko: ...Working on it. Using the funds from the auction of Irisu-san's car, I bid on a pair of cowboy boots popular with Italian soccer players. The cash from the model car sale was deposited directly into the other seller's account...
Yumiko: I immediately listed the boots on a Japanese auction site, while also bidding on tote bags autographed by a popular Japanese voice actress. The current top bid's 19,000 dollars...
Yumiko: The auction will be over in ten minutes, and I'm fairly sure no one's going to outbid us.
Thanatos: "Things seem to be going smoothly. In that case, I think it's about time to proceed to the next phase."
Yumiko: Yes, we're reaching the limit of what amateurs can accomplish. I assume the next step is spot trading of some sort?
Thanatos: "Exactly. It's your turn to shine, Matsushima Michiru."
Michiru: ...Ugggh...
Thanatos: "What's the matter? You look rather lifeless. Did something happen?"
Makina: Chiruchiru's kinda depressed cause that app put a really low price on her face, ya know?
Thanatos: "...What was the number?"
Sachi: Michiru-sama's value was fifty yen, I'm afraid.
Michiru: ...Uuuu...
Thanatos: "Fif... *snort*...!"
Michiru: You laughed!! That's horrible! How could you laugh at my price tag!?! You're a monster!!
Thanatos: "Ahahaha... I'm sorry. But there's really no reason to let it bother you, all right?"
Thanatos: "That application was originally created as a means of gathering a random sample of facial photographs, so the numbers it displays aren't particularly meaningful."
Sachi: You don't say...?
Thanatos: "That said, it does analyze the race, sex, and age of the subject, and then compare their individual features to those of the Mona Lisa... So it's not exactly total nonsense, either."
Makina: Hmm. Well, I guess Chiruchiru's face has more of a niche appeal, ya know?
Sachi: And there's her hairstyle, as well. "Blonde twintails" are... more uncommon than you might think, aren't they...?
Makina: It's pretty dang rare, yeah. If ya saw someone like that waitin' for a train, it'd be like, "Geh, seriously? What kinda character is she supposed ta be?"
Makina: But then again, if ya got rid of all her quirky features, she'd prob'ly be just as vanilla an' boring as Yumi-chan. I think Chiruchiru's fine th' way she is, ya know?
Yumiko: Would you please stop using me as your standard of comparison!?
Thanatos: "All right, that's enough. Let's get started on our next tasks, shall we? There isn't much time."
Thanatos: "Matsushima Michiru, I want you to take your cell phone and head for the cafe that I've specified. Make sure you get there on time."
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait. What am I supposed to do there?
Thanatos: "You'll find out when you arrive. It's a simple job involving the use of your cell phone, and as long as you don't understand what's going on, it should go smoothly. Do you understand?"
Michiru: Nooot really... but I guess I sorta get it... I'll head out now...
Thanatos: "Next up... would be you, Irisu Makina."
Makina: Aye! What can I do ya for!?
Thanatos: "As promised, I'm buying you a new toy. The custom order's already been placed, so I want you to go pick it up." 
Makina: Where do ya want me ta go?
Thanatos: "Just follow the directions on your cell phone. There's a sporting goods workshop called Morishima Rackets in Kitagozakacho. All you have to do is go there, give them your name, and ask for a man named Yamamoto."
Makina: Hm. Gotcha.
Thanatos: "Komine Sachi, you'll be escorting Irisu Makina. I doubt there will be any danger, but a childish young woman walking in there alone might encounter some tedious obstacles. I'd like you to back her up."
Sachi: Oh. Certainly... Uhm, what would that involve on my part, specifically?
Thanatos: "You don't have to do much of anything. Just stare at anyone who approaches as if they're pigs being shipped off to market, the way you always do."
Sachi: Uh, all right... but, er... do I really look at people that way...?
Thanatos: "If someone speaks to you or asks you a question, just say 'You wanna die, punk?' and glare at them. Understood?"
Sachi: I have somewhat mixed feelings about this, but so be it. Shall we be on our way, Maki-chan?
Makina: You betcha! Okay, Yumi-chan, we're gonna get goin'. Keep an eye on th' old tub for us, mate!
Yumiko: I'm not your "mate." Don't take any detours or start snacking in the street, all right?
Makina: Kaaaay!
Yumiko: Komine-san, make sure to keep an eye on her, please.
Sachi: It will be done. Shark's honor!
Yumiko: ...You really don't need to try and force some cute shark joke into every conversation, okay...?
Sachi: All right. We'll be on our way now.
Thanatos: "...Well then, that only leaves you here. I hope you don't get too lonesome on your own?"
Yumiko: *Sigh*... Now you're teasing me too?
Thanatos: "You know, I'm well aware that you're a surprisingly compassionate person, and that you care deeply for your classmates."
Thanatos: "However, you don't seem like the kind of girl who'd put herself in this much danger for that reason alone."
Thanatos: "I hate to be so persistent about this... but why exactly did you agree to participate in this operation?"
Yumiko: ...Is the fact that I love Kazami Yuuji not enough for you?
Thanatos: "I don't think it is. Kazami Yuuji isn't your only objective, is he?"
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*... I suppose you're right. I'm not sure where to begin, really...
Yumiko: As you seem to have noticed, I'm probably something of a loner by nature.
Yumiko: But the students at Mihama... Kazami-kun included... don't avoid me or treat me any differently because of that.
Yumiko: If I emerged into a normal society, I'd likely end up far more isolated than I already am. I'm not a "normal" person, you see. And being in Mihama was the only reason I could pretend otherwise...
Yumiko: I was surrounded by unusual people who had experienced extraordinary things. By comparison to them, I'm more than "normal" enough. That's something I won't find anywhere else... and I care deeply about the friends I made there.
Thanatos: "But you have issues with Irisu Makina, don't you?"
Yumiko: I suppose. When we spend too much time together, she always finds a way to get on my nerves...
Yumiko: But even so... she's the only one who calls me "Yumi-chan" rather than "Sakaki-san" or "Yumiko."
Yumiko: This is embarrassing to admit, but she was the first person ever to give me a nickname like that...
Yumiko: Of course, it's not that I'm too fond of the name itself... but I don't dislike Irisu-san to the degree that people seem to think, either.
Yumiko: It would be difficult for me to say this too openly, but at the end of the day, I was very fond of the little habitat we called "Mihama"... for all my complaints.
Thanatos: "I see. You want to protect your 'habitat'... meaning the people who made Mihama what it was?"
Yumiko: It sounds nice when you put it that way, but essentially... I'm an awkward woman who doesn't know how to make friends, pitching a fit at the prospect of losing the sealed-off world where I'd finally found some peace.
Yumiko: I'd appreciate it if you could satisfy yourself with that explanation.
Thanatos: "Why accept the involvement of an unknown entity like myself in such a personal matter? Your willingness to follow my orders seems peculiar."
Yumiko: The answer to that is simple enough. It's because you're Kazami-kun's sister.
Thanatos: "Who told you that?"
Yumiko: No one, actually. Although I suppose you basically admitted it just now.
Thanatos: "...I just didn't feel like taking the effort to deny it. I don't remember saying it was true, and I don't think your little 'deduction' was a complete answer to my question."
Yumiko: Well, putting that aside... I wouldn't say I distrust you, but it's not as if I trust you implicitly, either.
Yumiko: Mind if I asked you something? I'm curious about that "simple job" you gave Matsushima-san, involving the use of her phone... You're not going to have her earning "points" for some cell provider cashback program, I assume?
Thanatos: "No need to worry. She won't be earning money in a way that will cause anyone else to suffer."
Yumiko: What is it, then? Collecting leftover prizes from sign-up promotions? Selling the "free gifts" that "all applicants" receive...?
Thanatos: "No. It's an eco-friendly job that involves converting garbage into cash."
Yumiko: Oh... cell phone "mining"...?
Thanatos: "That's right. We'll be exporting to China and India."
Yumiko: ...How dull...
Thanatos: "This coming from you, of all people?"
Yumiko: Also, I don't think it's nearly as "simple" a job as you made it sound...
Thanatos: "It's rather easy to get started. The difficult part is knowing when to quit..."
Thanatos: "You need to anticipate how things will play out for years in advance, and pull out at the very best possible moment. That's where all the challenge lies..."
Thanatos: "But that's only true for 'ordinary people,' you know?"
Thanatos: "Let's say you had a device that could connect to every computer in the world... A device that could peek into every account book, official and otherwise... even rewrite their entries, all without leaving a trace. What then?"
Yumiko: ...It would become the easiest job in the world...
Thanatos: "Exactly so."
Yumiko: You're one frightening woman... Who died and made you God, exactly?
Thanatos: "For the record, divinity isn't all it's cracked up to be. Nothing but headaches and drudgery, really." 
Narration: *Make a generic "donation box" and leave it sitting on the street somewhere, and you might collect a good bit of spare change without any effort whatsoever.*
Narration: *You might also make a number of boxes, determine the amount of money they'd earn over a three-year period, and sell them off for that price.*
Narration: *With the money you earned from the sale, you could then make three times as many boxes, then sell those off as well.*
Narration: *And once that simple cycle was established, why not sell your "business" itself?*
Narration: *On a fundamental level, the "simple job" they were discussing wasn't so different from this example - through dull, steady repetition, it could potentially turn a little money into a great deal more.*

Date: *August 4, 2012, 15:10 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Narration: *―The train ride from the city had taken about an hour and a half.*
Narration: *The workshop they'd come all this way to visit had been manufacturing sporting goods since before the war. Along with traditional wooden equipment, they now produced cutting-edge fiberglass and carbon fiber goods...*
Narration: *And apparently, their reputation for quality had earned them a steady stream of business from professionals and Olympic athletes alike.*
Makina: Morishima Rackets... Morishima Rackets, eh...? We still got a ways to go?
Sachi: We should be very close, according to the map. I tried looking them up online a moment ago, but it seems they don't even have a web page... Whoever's in charge must be a stubborn, old-fashioned sort.
Sachi: I suppose I'm just making assumptions, but I find it somewhat endearing when a craftsman is more focused on their "art" than selling whatever they can.
Makina: So what's this toy Thanatos bought me, anyway? Some kinda racket? We gonna be playin' tennis?
Sachi: It seems they also make golf clubs, among other things. Perhaps it's something like that.
Makina: She expectin' me to turn into a golfer?
Sachi: Thanatos said she placed a "custom order," so I suppose it might be some very specialized piece of sporting equipment...
Makina: Golfer... golfer... golfer...
Sachi: ...Maki-chan?
Makina: Hey, Sacchin... they don't actually call 'em "golfers" in English, do they?
Sachi: Uh, maybe not. I think "golf player" would be the proper term...
Makina: But ya know... we do use th' term "tennis players" over here in Japan, right? Why didn't that one turn into "tennisers"?
Sachi: Who cares?
Makina: What about "sepak takrawer" for sepak takraw? Or "kabadder" fer kabaddi?
Sachi: No, really. Who cares?
Makina: ...Hmm. Ya know, I'm actually startin' to regret havin' taught ya how ta deploy that partic-ya-lar phrase, Sacchin... 
Sachi: Ah! We're here, Maki-chan. Morishima Rackets Manufacturing... Yes, yhat must be it.
Makina: Ooh. Hey, this place looks a lot nicer than I figgered it would!
Sachi: Oh... wait a moment, Maki-chan. That's not it.
Makina: Say what!?
Sachi: That's their new office, where they conduct company business. We're going to their old office where the workshop's located. See? Over there.
Makina: Nwo...?
Narration: *With a bright smile, Sachi indicated the relevant building with her palm. It was a beat-up, run-down old structure, most notable for the fact that it had apparently survived the WWII-era air raids without burning to the ground.*
Narration: *It seemed entirely possible that any attempt at opening the front door would end with you just holding its doorknob in your hand... and watching as the rest of the decrepit old building crumbled into dust.*
Makina: Whoops...
Sachi: Well... I'm not quite sure how to put this, but... it's certainly a building with a great deal of "character"...
Narration: *Lured by the sweet bait of a "present," they'd apparently wandered into rather dicey territory.*
Narration: *Could this be some sort of trap? Had that mysterious "Thanatos" character actually been setting them up all along?*
Narration: *Right now, it was hard not to feel at least a little worried.*
Narration: *Approaching the plain front door, which resembled that of an ordinary home, Makina found it was already partially open. Machine tools were droning away loudly inside the building.*
Narration: *In an effort to be polite, she rapped her knuckles against the open door, then called out to whoever was inside.*
Makina: Pardon me! Hello?
Narration: *However, the sound of a machine cutting through metal drowned out Makina's voice entirely, and no response was forthcoming.*
Narration: *Poking her head inside to take a look around, she quickly spotted a man in a grimy white boiler suit.*
Makina: Hellooooooo!?!
Narration: *The man was sitting bowlegged on a wooden work chair with his back turned to the door, sparks flying all around him. In an effort to get the man's attention, Makina shouted again - more loudly than before.*
Craftsman: Shaddup, dammit! I can hear ya just fine! How many times do I have to tell you idiots not to bother me when I'm in th' middle of a job!?
Narration: *Not bothering to turn around, the man answered her with an angry roar.*
Narration: *From the sound of his voice, he seemed to be in his fifties, or perhaps a little older.*
Narration: *Makina had always been rather intimidated by loud-mouthed adults, but for some reason or another, she'd become a lot less timid recently.*
Narration: *Scowling a little at the man's hostile attitude, she turned back to Sachi and stuck out her tongue - as if to say "Welp, guess I ticked him off!"*
Narration: *Sachi, for her part, answered with a mild smile that suggested she'd expected as much.*
Narration: *It seemed fairly obvious they were dealing with a "hardheaded" craftsman. There wasn't much choice but to wait patiently for him to finish up. Glancing around the room, they noticed an unoccupied wooden bench that seemed suitable.*
Narration: *But as the two young women began to walk over toward it, intending to take a load off their feet...*
Craftsman: Don't sit! I don't want you hangin' around all day! Hurry up and say what you want, then leave!
Makina: Are ya ready to deliver th' toy we ordered?
Craftsman: What th' hell!?
Narration: *Rising from his chair with a clatter, the man turned to stare at Makina and Sachi through narrowed eyes.*
Craftsman: What's your name!?
Makina: Makina. Irisu Makina. Need me to spell it out for ya or anythin'?
Craftsman: Aah... Irisu Makina-san, huh? Right. I did get your order, and the goods are ready to go...
Makina: Are you Yamamoto-san?
Craftsman: Yeah, that's right. Gotta say, though... they did say a woman would be comin' to pick it up, but I wasn't expectin' a shrimp like you...
Narration: *Rubbing the stubble on his jaw absentmindedly, Yamamoto leaned forward to bring his face closer to Makina.*
Narration: *Sensing something threatening about this movement, Sachi moved to stand protectively in front of her friend.*
Yamamoto: Uh, so... what's th' deal with this maid?
Makina: That's Sacchin! She's my personal maid!
Yamamoto: The kid's really glarin' at me for some reason... Look, it's not like I'm gonna do anything, all right?
Sachi: .........
Yamamoto: Say something, will ya?
Sachi: ...You wanna die, punk?
Yamamoto: Damn. Calm down, woman...
Yamamoto: Well, whatever. Your toy's back this way... Come on, follow me.
Narration: *Shuffling along in a less than imposing manner, Yamamoto led Makina and Sachi to the back of the workshop, where a prefabricated office shed had been installed.*
Narration: *Although it felt a bit odd to see a little "cabin" sitting inside another building, they followed the craftsman through its door.*
Narration: *After flipping on the lights inside, Yamamoto pushed back the leather sofa sitting in the middle of the room, revealing the cellar door underneath.*
Narration: *The three of them descended a crude staircase into a space that might have been used as an air-raid shelter during the war. This basement was essentially a brick tunnel, but its walls were "decorated" with a variety of firearms.*
Narration: *A number of worktables, seemingly covered in junk, were in fact equipped with quite a range of specialized machine tools.*
Makina: ...Hooweee...
Narration: *At a total loss for words, Makina licked her dry lips in amazement.*
Yamamoto: ...This is the item you ordered. Look it over. If you need any adjustments, I'll make them now.
Narration: *Yamamoto picked up a soft, jet-black gun case and offered it to Makina.*
Narration: *It was shaped like a rucksack, and designed to be worn on your back... But if you opened all the side fasteners and spread it out flat, it could serve as a mat to lie on while you zeroed your weapon.*
Narration: *In its fully loaded state, the case weighed at least 20 kilograms; as Yamamoto deposited it in her arms, Makina staggered back slightly.*
Makina: Nnyu... guh... so heavy!
Yamamoto: ...This seemed like a pretty peculiar order when I was working on it, but now I get it... If you're the one who's gonna be shootin', it makes plenty of sense.
Makina: Can I open this up?
Yamamoto: I've already been paid, so that toy's yours. Do whatever you like.
Makina: Ooh, I wonder what's insiiide? I mean, I think I've got a pretty good idea, but I'm still gettin' kinda pumped!
Narration: *Eager as a man removing a woman's clothes, Makina opened the case with quick, practiced movements. Just as she'd expected, it contained a truly fearsome and imposing piece of equipment.*
Makina: Geh! What the heck!? It's an anti-materiel... and a friggin' M82, ta beat? They might look cool to kids, but they're clunky as hell...
Yamamoto: You got some nerve, brat. You have any idea how much dough I spent modifying this thing so a pipsqueak like you could actually use it?
Makina: Cheapin' out on your tools is never smart, man. Wish she'da just bought me an L115A1 instead...
Yamamoto: Naaah, forget that one. AI went bankrupt in 2005 and got sold off to some bigger company. Haven't heard good things about 'em since then.
Makina: Okay then, the DSR-1 from AMP!
Yamamoto: What, you a fan of .338 Lapuas or something?
Makina: I don't like this idea that big bullets are always better, ya know? Sniping should be precision work!
Yamamoto: You talk a good game, missy. But a real pro doesn't spend all day complainin' about their tools... they figure out how to work with 'em.
Makina: Well, ya got a point there. Guess there's no point whinin' till I try her out. Lemme fire one off, all right?
Yamamoto: Idiot! Where the hell are you plannin' on doing that!? You can't just start test-firing a gun that can blow a hole in a concrete wall from a kilometer away, dumbass!
Makina: What!?! Are ya tellin' me to take this out into the field fresh from the box!?
Yamamoto: Not my problem! I adjusted the balance and handled the boresighting, but the rest is your own damn responsibility!
Sachi: You wanna die, punk?
Yamamoto: Is that all you know how to say, woman!?
Makina: By th' way, uh... I've sorta been ignorin' the single most obvious issue here. Why th' heck did you paint it bright pink?
Yamamoto: Because that's what was ordered. You weren't the one who asked for it to be pink?
Makina: Aah... musta been Thanatos, huh...? I was just talkin' about my cell phone, though...
Yamamoto: The most I can do here and now is fitting adjustments. If you want something tweaked, just let me know.
Makina: Mm. Gotcha.
Narration: *With a nod of acknowledgment, Makina lay down on the mat spread out on the floor and assumed a firing position.*
Narration: *Watching the girl work, Yamamoto let out a single sigh... then took a cigarette from the breast pocket of his boiler suit, put it in his mouth, and lit it with a cheap purple lighter.*
Yamamoto: ...Hoooo...
Narration: *As he exhaled the smoke from his first drag, Yamamoto let out a second, even deeper sigh.*
Narration: *Once he got his money, he made whatever "toy" was requested. That was just his job.*
Narration: *It wasn't unusual for peculiar customers to stop by. And as a matter of policy, he didn't give a damn what they used their toys for.*
Yamamoto: ...I don't want you complaining about the action, so I'm gonna make this clear beforehand. It's not gonna eject the shell automatically after you fire. That's by design.
Makina: Hmm? Whaddaya mean?
Yamamoto: The base semi-auto unit has a pretty damn light action, but since a shrimp like you is gonna be usin' it, I put a heavier recoil damper in there. Causes some issues with the ejection.
Yamamoto: Basically, after firing a shot you need to pull the bolt handle back yourself to eject the shell, then load the next bullet. For all intents and purposes, it's a double-action gun.
Makina: Hmmm...
Narration: *Responding vaguely, Makina pulled back on the rifle's bolt handle.*
Narration: *With a metallic clink, the extractor grabbed hold of a plastic dummy cartridge's brass rim, then cleanly ejected it.*
Makina: Can't have the bolt hold open, huh...?
Narration: *Peering into the chamber through the open ejection port, Makina checked to make sure light was coming in through the bore.*
Narration: *After picking up the dummy cartridge, she pulled out the rifle's magazine, loaded it, and returned it to the receiver. Finally, once she'd cocked the gun to feed the dummy back into the chamber, she returned to her firing position.*
Makina: I'm gonna pull th' trigger!
Narration: *As soon as the warning left her mouth, Makina did exactly that.*
Narration: *The striker was surprisingly quiet, given the size of the rifle; but the spring resonated quite audibly.*
Narration: *It did feel a bit like playing with a toy, but that was true of most unloaded guns.*
Makina: Hey, Pops... think you could lower the scope mount another 2.5 mm?
Yamamoto: ...How do you want to adjust it? Ring or rail...?
Makina: Which is easier?
Yamamoto: ...The rail...
Makina: That works, then.
Yamamoto: What slant do you want on that?
Makina: Yer call. Just assume I'll be usin' this at a distance of 800 to 1400 meters.
Yamamoto: All right. I'll make it now.
Sachi: You wanna die, punk?♪
Yamamoto: The hell!?
Yamamoto: ...Oh... what, you brought me an ashtray? Christ. You coulda just said so...
Narration: *Putting out his cigarette in the tray Sachi had brought him, Yamamoto headed for one of his worktables.*
Narration: *2.5 mm might sound small enough, but for a long range rifle, it was a major modification.*
Narration: *A part of him was skeptical the kid even understood what she was asking for... but when he glanced back at Irisu Makina, the deadly seriousness of her body language caught him by surprise.*
Narration: *What the hell was a pipsqueak like her so determined to do? Even as he turned back to his work, the question continued to nag at him.*
Yamamoto: ...Hey, kid...
Makina: There's two "kids" in th' room. Gotta be more specific.
Yamamoto: I'm talkin' to you.
Makina: Ma... ki... na. Ya got that?
Yamamoto: ...Makina.
Makina: Yeah? What's up?
Yamamoto: As a general rule, guys in my line of work try not to pry... but would ya mind if I asked you something?
Makina: Very well. If you insist.
Yamamoto: What are you plannin' to shoot with this nasty piece of work, anyway?
Makina: I dunno.
Yamamoto: ...Say what?
Makina: I dunno what I'm gonna shoot, or where... and I'm not too interested, neither. Onii-chan always said not ta get too curious if ya wanna live a long life, ya know? Thinking about that sorta stuff is Thanatos' job, not mine.
Yamamoto: Thanatos, huh...? Well, that's good to hear. I'll leave it at that... Don't wanna end up becoming the first victim of a gun I made myself, after all.
Makina: Would that be all of yer questions?
Yamamoto: I've got one more.
Makina: Welp, feel free.
Yamamoto: Why did you decide to take up arms?
Makina: Why does any woman? It's always the same ol' story.
Makina: We lose our husbands to war. We lose everything, even our pots an' kettles... But we've got families to protect. We've got homes to defend, so th' people we love can return to them. That's why we pick up our weapons...
Makina: Right now, I don't know exactly what Thanatos plans ta have me do with this thing...
Makina: But I'm sick of cryin' by myself, and I don't ever wanna let go of th' people I care about... so I'll do whatever I can.
Makina: And if anyone says th' man I love can't come back ta me, then I'll go grab hold of him myself. Simple enough, dont'cha think?
Yamamoto: ...Here you go.
Makina: Whoh?
Yamamoto: It's a 2.5 low-down rail. Do the fitting yourself. You know how to use a boresighter, right?
Makina: Ah, yeah. Thanks.
Yamamoto: In that case, finish up and get lost. You're gettin' in the way of my work.
Makina: You all done with yer questions?
Yamamoto: You're willing to accept the consequences of yer actions, right? Fine, then! There's nothin' left to say!
Makina: What's got you all grumpy...? Did I say somethin' rude?
Yamamoto: Put a sock in it!
Narration: *Trying to distract himself from his irritation, Yamamoto reached into his breast pocket once again, but found it empty.*
Yamamoto: Ah, dammit... my cigs...
Sachi: You wanna die, punk?♪
Yamamoto: Yeah, thanks! You're pretty thoughtful for a lunatic, aren't ya!? Christ!
Narration: *Snatching away the fresh pack Sachi had brought him, Yamamoto pulled out another cigarette and lit up.*
Yamamoto: Listen up, kid. That determination of yours is definitely a good thing. It always helps if you can pull the trigger without thinkin' twice...
Yamamoto: But the thing is, switching off your conscience is a lot harder than you might think.
Yamamoto: ...I sure as hell couldn't pull it off...
Makina: I've got no friggin' idea whatcher talkin' about!
Yamamoto: Yeah, of course not! God, you piss me off! Why am I getting all serious with a little moron like you, anyway!?
Makina: So basically, yer sayin'... don't put yer finger on th' trigger unless you're fully prepared to pull it? And don't get all guilty after th' fact and kill yerself in th' bathroom?
Yamamoto: Yeah, that's right! But what I'm really tryin' to say is...
Makina: ..."Don't shoot people!" Am I right? Onii-chan used ta tell me that all the time.
Yamamoto: Okay, fine! Glad you understand! Now get lost, the both of you!
Makina: Hey... whoa! What's th' big idea!?
Yamamoto: Shut the hell up! Lookin' at you reminds me of th' way Asako used to be, back when she was a kid. It's pissin' me off!
Makina: Huh? Wait, what? You know her!? How!?
Yamamoto: Quit asking questions! Take your toy and get out, all right!? G'wan, scram!
Makina: Wah! Geez! What th' heck, man!?
Sachi: Y-You wanna die, punk!?
Yamamoto: Shut the hell up already, you stupid maid!
Narration: *Having erupted with rage for no apparent reason, Yamamoto chased Sachi and Makina out of his workshop like a pair of stray dogs, then slammed the door shut behind them.*
Makina: Fer cryin' out loud... what was that all about...?
Sachi: ...You wanna die, punk...?
Makina: You can talk normally now, okay?
Sachi: ...That man wasn't putting any weight on his right leg, was he...? And the index finger on his right hand was missing...
Makina: I wonder if he used ta work with Onii-chan's master or somethin'...
Sachi: Thanatos might be able to tell us if we ask.
Makina: Eh, it's fine. I'm not that interested.
Sachi: Maki-chan... you really are starting to take after Kazami-san in some respects, aren't you...?
Makina: Ya think? It's kinda hard fer me to tell, I guess.
Sachi: I wonder... what exactly Thanatos intends to have you do with that "present"...
Makina: Welp, my money's on shootin' something or other.
Sachi: ...He told us... not to shoot people, didn't he...?
Makina: Yeah. He sure was shoutin' at me ta keep that "promise"...
Makina: But seriously, where do ya get off makin' a gun like that, then tellin' yer customer not to shoot anyone? How stupid is that!?
Makina: Ya can't go cherry pickin' what yer firin' at on the battlefield! If yer that worried about overkill, then don't go to war in th' first place! Go settle yer differences with yer fists, fer cryin' out loud!
Sachi: ...Maki-chan...
Makina: Well, whatever. We got our toy, so let's mosey on back to th' boat.
Sachi: ...Okay...
Makina: Hm? Somethin' the matter?
Sachi: ...You're not going to leave me behind too... are you, Maki-chan?
Makina: If yer worried, then just keep chasin' after me forever... the same way I'll be chasin' after Onii-chan.
Sachi: .........
Sachi: ...Yes... Yes, you're right. I think I'll do just that.
Makina: Alrighty then. Let's go home!
Sachi: Yes. Let's!
Narration: *As the two friends set off down the street, Sachi reached out and took Makina's hand with a cheerful smile.*
Narration: *When she started feeling lonely for reasons she didn't quite understand, this was the best way to cope. That was something Sachi had learned in her time at Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *So now, to paraphrase Makina's own words... she'd just have to do everything she could to hold on to this hand forever.*

Date: *August 4, 2012, 20:47 - Houseboat*
Narration: *―Manners are a luxury the starving can't afford.*
Narration: *It was a saying that held special significance for Amane, who'd seen first-hand how true it was.*
Narration: *In the absence of food, it was all too easy to lose your humanity.*
Narration: *And on a related note - in the words of Kazami Yuuji, "there isn't a navy in the world that dresses its sailors in rags."*
Narration: *In times of peace, anything less than a perfect uniform was intolerable. And even in times of war, officers sought to remain presentable until the end - so that the enemy couldn't sneer at the sight of their bodies.*
Narration: *Filling food to bolster your courage and lift your spirits; clean white shirts, starched until you can stand them on the floor. The sorts of things people needed to remain "human" were actually surprisingly simple.*
Narration: *Accordingly, no matter what else was going on in her life, Amane never let herself skip a meal or forget to wash her clothes. *
Amane: And so, dinner tonight will be beef-tendon stew and deep-fried greeneye! For sides, we've got a salad with seaweed and okara... and miso soup featuring potato and onions!
Amane: ...Or that was the plan, at least...
Yumiko: ...Urrrgh...
Amane: How it's going? Manage to peel those potatoes yet?
Yumiko: A-Almost there...
Amane: Aah, geez... this doesn't look good... This doesn't look good at all... I'm dying to jump in there, grab that knife, and say I'll do it for her...
Amane: But if I do everything, Sakaki-san will never learn. She'll turn into a full-grown woman who can't even take care of herself...
Amane: And of course, a woman who doesn't have the first idea how to cook has no choice but to use her happy-holes to snare a man.
Amane: At that point, there's no turning back... Once you realize how easy it is to seduce men with your body, you'll never bother with cooking again...
Amane: Sooner or later, you'll start saying "it's way faster to just get them off with my hand" like some kind of old pro... and when you've fallen that far, it's all over...
Amane: You've got to harden your heart, Amane! This calls for rigorous discipline! And on that note...
Amane: What's wrong with you, Sakaki!?! Do you really think anyone's going to marry a woman this hopeless in the kitchen!? Show me some damn willpower!
Yumiko: ...Look here... I appreciate you taking the time to teach me, but do you have to be so noisy about it?
Amane: Huuuh? C'mon. I already finished my part of the job. It's boring just sitting around while you peel the potatoes.
Yumiko: You know, it feels like some of Kazami-kun's bad habits are starting to rub off on you as well...
Amane: Well, what do you expect? I love the guy.
Yumiko: That aside, you seem oddly worked up tonight. Did something happen?
Amane: Hm? Mmm... well, yeah.♪ I had a little chat with Thanatos, I guess.
Yumiko: Aah... did you figure out her true identity?
Amane: Yep!♪ Sounds like you caught on too, huh? Figures!
Yumiko: .........
Yumiko: ...Look, Suou-san...
Amane: Yeah, I know... It sounds like things are pretty complicated, but I want to be happy anyway. For right now, I'm not gonna worry about the details...
Yumiko: ...I see...
Makina: Uiiikyu! We're hooome!!
Amane: Hey there, Makina. That sure took a while. How far did you have to go?
Makina: Yep! We took a ride out ta Yokosuka! An' that toy Thanatos bought me turned out ta be way heavier than I was expectin', ya know? We ended up havin' to stop by a hardware store to buy one of them clattery whatchamacallits.
Sachi: Indeed. And I, Komine Sachi, have now returned with that whatchamacallit in tow.
Amane: Oh, geez. Welcome back, Sacchan. That sure is a lot of stuff you've got there...
Sachi: Well, I took the opportunity to purchase a few things we were lacking.
Amane: What'd you buy?
Sachi: Err... first I picked up some tiger rope, packing tape, a laser level, and a metal detector... What else? Carbon dioxide cartridges for life jackets, a small pressure cooker... Ah yes. Nails, a hole saw, a reamer, and a tap...
Makina: Those hardware stores have everything a girl could want, ya know!?
Sachi: To be honest, I was dying to pick up a MIG welder as well...
Sachi: But it seemed rather heavy, so I went with simple stick electrodes and a vise handle instead. I'll just have to connect directly to the ship's batteries. It's not ideal for aluminum, but I can always use solder for that.
Amane: Uh, wait a second. It sounds like you had quite the shopping trip there, but... can I ask you just one little question?
Sachi: By all means.
Amane: What exactly are you planning to make out of all this stuff, Sacchan...?
Sachi: Oh, you know... this and that.♪
Amane: That cheerful smile really isn't reassuring me...
Makina: Well, the girl needs what she needs. And us women do love our shoppin' sprees, ya know?
Amane: ...That reminds me. Makinaaa... you got a pretty huge "toy" there yourself, didn't you? What's inside the bag?
Makina: It ain't somethin' I should be showin' off too much. Let's just leave that a surprise fer now!
Amane: Again with the secrets. It's probably a gun, isn't it? First Yuuji, now Thanatos... Why does everyone keep buying you such weird "toys"?
Makina: Enough about all that! I'm starvin', ya know? Makina needs food badly! What's fer dinner?
Amane: We're having beef-tendon stew, fried greeneye, and a salad with seaweed and okara!
Amane: The beef's been stewing in the pressure cooker since this morning, so it'll be nice and juicy! I threw in some konjac jelly and daikon radishes for flavor, too. Should be great on top of some fluffy white rice!
Makina: What's a "greeneye," though?
Sachi: It's a kind of fish, Maki-chan. The term applies to multiple species, but... if you fried it, we're probably having "round greeneye," correct?
Amane: That's right! On the way back from my drive with Thanatos, I stopped by the market and saw some really tasty-looking fish. They're apparently super hard to find at this time of year, so I ended up buying a whole kilogram.
Amane: You can grill them, fry them, stew them, or even dry them. They're the king of small fish! The name "greeneye" is about to go down in history, my friends! According to the old guy at the market, at least.
Makina: Hoho... that's some intriguin' stuff, all right. What about th' soup, though?
Amane: Sakaki-san's working on that right now.
Makina: Yumi-chan's makin' it!?
Yumiko: ...I don't know why you're so astonished.
Makina: O-Oh, I get it. It's one o' those instant miso things where you just add hot water, right? Those are pretty good.
Yumiko: I'm making it from stock, the way you're supposed to!
Makina: ...Why?
Yumiko: Oh, come on... is it really that strange that I'd try to do a little cooking for once?
Makina: Yep.
Yumiko: ..."Yep"...?
Makina: Right now, I'm about ready ta fall to my knees in despair... How could such a terrible thing come ta pass...?
Amane: Well, Sakaki-san was sorta sitting in front of her computer mumbling to herself. Since she didn't have anything else to do, I tried convincing her to help out a little, you know?
Yumiko: I wasn't just wasting time, all right!? You just jumped to your own conclusions! I only gave in because you kept saying "I'm sooo busy! If only SOMEONE could help me out!" over and over again!
Amane: But seriously, I was pretty surprised. Normally, you learn how to make miso soup in those home ec classes everyone takes in middle school, right? Not Sakaki-san! She'd never done it before.
Yumiko: I took those classes just like everyone else! But nobody ever asked me to help, and I never even got to hold the kitchen knives!
Sachi: Oh my. I can see it now... After eagerly putting on your apron and cap, you found yourself excluded entirely from your team's plans...
Sachi: Assigned the ignominious role of "taste-tester," perhaps you spent the entire lesson sitting by yourself, quietly watching the others enjoy their first attempts at cooking?
Yumiko: Yes, yes! You couldn't have been more accurate if you'd used a time machine to watch it happen!
Makina: ...Sakaki Yumiko... just how much of a loner are you, girl? I'm sorry... Seriously, I'm sorry...
Yumiko: Will you stop acting like I'm some pitiful outcast!?
Amane: Anyway! It did take some time since she wasn't used to cooking, but I think the end result should be perfectly edible. See?
Makina: Hrm, that actually looks plenty appetizin'. I think I wanna try this... and I'm willin' to bet it'll taste pretty darn good...
Yumiko: ...I wouldn't get your hopes up, honestly... This really was my first time making miso soup...
Amane: That's surprising... I kind of figured you'd kick up a fuss and refuse to eat anything Sakaki-san made.
Makina: You were th' one teachin' her, Ama-nee. I'm sure she didn't screw up or anything. And when a woman tries her best ta cook for you, Onii-chan says it's only polite ta compliment her!
Yumiko: I don't want your insincere flattery!
Makina: Welp, it's all good. Let's get eatin' already!
Sachi: Hmm? Wait... aren't we missing something?
Makina: Nwoh? I mean, we've got a stew, a salad, an' a soup. Ya talkin' about dessert?
Amane: Don't worry, we've got strawberries for dessert.
Makina: Whoa! Hells yeah! I love strawberries!
Sachi: No, no, that's not what I meant... Aren't we missing a certain someone?
Amane: Ah!
Yumiko: ...Ah...
Makina: Aaah! Chiruchiru's missin'! Where the heck did she go!?
Amane: Do you know where she is, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: ...Well, up until 4:30 or so, I was trying to follow the money she was moving back and forth... but after that...
Makina: What!? Is Chiruchiru still rollin' that money around!?
Yumiko: Until two this afternoon, I could monitor her progress over the internet... But once Thanatos started dividing our funds into multiple bank accounts, I lost track of Matsushima-san entirely...
Amane: Whaaat!? Hold on... shouldn't we be out looking for her?
Sachi: Perhaps she was "bumped off" after making some foolish mistake... I suppose we could call Thanatos and ask what happened.
Makina: ...Hold yer horses there, Sacchin. I got somethin' to say first... a little story ta tell, in fact.
Makina: ...May, 1945. An Air Service squad leader whose unit had been assigned to defend Okinawa spoke to a lieutenant who'd risen from the student reserves. "My wingman's too sick to fly. Loan me yours for this engagement."
Makina: This squad leader was an arrogant Air Academy graduate, but the lieutenant couldn't simply turn down his request... And so, he reluctantly handed over his wingman: a veteran Petty Officer 2nd Class by the name of Mizutani.
Makina: A few short hours after the lieutenant had waved his cap and watched as his "right arm" flew off to battle, the squadron returned from its sortie.
Makina: The pilots informed him that they'd never reached Okinawa. Grummans had attacked from above as they passed Kikaijima... in the chaos, they abandoned their drop tanks, lost numerous planes, and were ultimately forced to flee...
Makina: However, Petty Officer Mizutani had not returned!
Makina: The squad leader who'd "borrowed" Mizutani said that he'd executed a diving turn after the Grummans broke their formation, but the second plane hadn't followed. He hadn't seen it since...
Makina: Under questioning, he admitted that he'd turned to the left as he dived, placing Mizutani's plane in a dangerous position. What's more - he'd then led his squad directly into a cloudbank, a highly dangerous maneuver!
Makina: When the man speculated that Mizutani had "probably stalled out in the clouds and crashed," the lieutenant lost his temper, grabbed him by the collar, and shouted in his face...
Makina: "Give me back my wingman!"
Makina: But no matter how he wept and shouted, his "right arm" did not return.
Makina: Back when the man was still an inexperienced second lieutenant...
Makina: Mizutani had always offered him a smile and the words "Give 'em hell out there, sir. I'll be watching your back." Was that trustworthy comrade truly gone forever...?
Makina: The lieutenant planted himself beside the runway and waited for Mizutani to return. Completely ignoring the mechanic who murmured "He'd probably be running out of fuel by now," he stood patiently watching the sky...
Makina: And finally, just as the sun was beginning to set, a single Zero came puttering back.
Makina: As the lieutenant shouted "Who's in that plane!?", a soldier peered into his binoculars and replied...
Makina: "It's Petty Officer Mizutani!"
Makina: Mizutani's plane came in a little high, but managed to reach the runway. And before it had even touched the ground, the lieutenant was running toward it.
Makina: "Mizutani! Thank god you made it, Mizutani!"
Makina: Mizutani succeeded in landing the plane, but just as it slowed to a halt, the engine stopped dead... He'd used every last drop of his fuel to return.
Makina: The man clambered up onto the wing of the plane and called out to his comrade. An instant later, he realized Mizutani had been wounded in the right leg.
Makina: The plane had been badly damaged as well. Later, the mechanics would find a total of 36 fresh bullet holes in its frame...
Makina: As the lieutenant warmly praised his wingman for this feat of survival, Mizutani smiled weakly, his face drenched with sweat.
Makina: His engine had stalled in the clouds. The Grummans had pursued him doggedly. For a moment, he'd nearly given up...
Makina: But then he'd remembered the face of his commander, ordering him to "make it back alive"... and he'd fought on like a man possessed. As Mizutani told him this, it's said that the lieutenant burst into tears...
Makina: ...Well? Whaddaya think of THAT!?
Sachi: Errr... I'm not quite sure what you expect us to say...
Makina: Basically, we just gotta believe in Chiruchiru an' wait patiently! Her spirit will come back to us... to Yasukuni! In th' form of a firefly! 
Sachi: Uh... okay... but wouldn't that mean she's already dead...?
Makina: Okay, that's settled! Let's get started on that dinner!
Amane: ...Huh? Weren't we going to wait for Michiru?
Makina: We can wait for her while we're eatin', can't we?
Yumiko: ...Just be honest. You're hungry, so you don't want to bother looking for her...
Makina: That ain't right! Hold on a sec. I'm gonna give you a real good explanation of exactly how wrong you are!
Yumiko: I don't want to hear any more of your ridiculous stories...
Makina: How DARE you, madam!?
Michiru: ...Auuuugh... no mooore... I'm dying...
Amane: Michiru! Oh geez! What's the matter!?
Makina: Was it a Grumman!? Did a Grumman getcha!?
Michiru: Huh? What are you talking about? Look, I'm reaaally tired, so I don't have the energy to deal with your nonsense...
Amane: Okay, but why were you out so late? What on earth were you doing?
Michiru: I 'unno...
Amane: Uh, say what...?
Michiru: Well... it was just, uh... I mean, it's a long story, but... telling it would be such a pain... Where am I supposed to begin? How can I even describe this...?
Makina: Were there any Grummans involved?
Michiru: No! Absolutely not!
Makina: Well, whatever then. Let's eat dinner.
Michiru: Hey, come on! At least listen to my story!!
Sachi: Do you want to tell this story or not? Make up your mind.
Michiru: ...Uh... well, hmm... I guess I can do that while we're eating... I'm hungry too...
Narration: *Somehow or other, everyone had managed to complete their individual tasks and return safely to the "mothership."*
Narration: *It wasn't yet clear where she'd been, or what she'd been doing... But judging from the way Michiru was swaying back and forth in her seat at the tea table, her complaints of exhaustion were evidently genuine.*
Narration: *When food began to appear on the table in front of her, she wasted no time grabbing a steaming bowl of miso soup and gulping at it greedily.*
Michiru: Bwaaah... aaah... for some reason, the miso soup tastes extra great today...
Yumiko: ...Really!?
Michiru: It's kinda soothing, you know? I guess us Japanese need our white rice and miso soup...
Yumiko: D-D-Do you want seconds!? We've got plenty!
Michiru: Huh? Uhm, okay...
Amane: By the way... is it just me, or are you a little grimy? Where have you been, and what were you doing?
Michiru: Yeah, well... I went to a whole bunch of places, you know? She really ran me ragged...
Narration: *―Following Thanatos' directions, I made my way to a small cafe in Shinjuku. It was an older place where they still had clunky game machines built into the tables.*
Narration: *Taking a seat pretty much at random, I settled in to wait for the person I'd come here to meet.*
Michiru: ...So? What am I supposed to be doing here?
Thanatos: "To be honest, it's faster to make deals without any middlemen... but there's a limit to how much business you can conduct while remaining faceless and anonymous."
Thanatos: "To resolve that issue, I'm going to be using you as my representative in a few meetings."
Michiru: Yeah, I get that, but what exactly are we gonna be doing?
Thanatos: "Take a look out the window."
Michiru: ...Hmm?
Thanatos: "You can see a skyscraper that's under construction, yes?"
Michiru: Yeah. You mean that one with the big crane on its roof?
Thanatos: "Yes, that's right. Now here's a question for you."
Thanatos: "How do you think they got that crane all the way up on top of that building?"
Michiru: ...Huh? Aah... uhm... maybe they broke it down into parts, then brought them up one by one...?
Thanatos: "Not quite. It's a bit simpler than that. Go on, think it through."
Michiru: Look, is that really important? Do I have to figure it out myself?
Thanatos: "...Matsushima Michiru... you're rather impatient, aren't you? All you want is to be handed the answer immediately. You're probably the sort of person who pesters the magician for an explanation after every trick..."
Michiru: Hmm, yeah... you might be right about that. Just tell me the answer, will you?
Thanatos: "The answer is: they brought it there by crane."
Michiru: ...Huh?
Thanatos: "In other words, they lifted a crane using another crane."
Thanatos: "First of all, they brought a rather small crane up to the roof in an elevator and manually installed it. Using that small crane, they hoisted up a slightly bigger crane from the ground..."
Thanatos: "And then used that larger crane to lower the first crane back down. After that, they lifted up a third crane, slightly larger than the second one..."
Thanatos: "And by repeating the process a number of times, they were ultimately able to install that truly enormous crane you see now."
Thanatos: "Incidentally, after the building's fully constructed, they can take that giant crane down by using the same process in reverse. Does that make sense?"
Michiru: Wow, no kidding...? That sounds like a real hassle, though.
Thanatos: "When the nature of the installation makes other methods impractical, or when cost efficiency is a concern, it's actually the most convenient possible method. There are always trade-offs, you see?"
Michiru: That's one tricky problem, all right!
Thanatos: "...It sounds like you don't really get it..."
Thanatos: "In retrospect, I suppose the concept of 'compensating for shortcomings through repetition' might have been easier for Komine Sachi to understand..."
Michiru: So anyway, what's your point? Does my job have something to do with that building?
Thanatos: "No. That was just part of an analogy. The process you and I are about to begin is very similar to the way that crane was installed."
Michiru: Hmm, you don't say... Oh, hey, can I order a cream soda?
Thanatos: "...You've decided to stop even trying to understand, haven't you? Well, I suppose that isn't an issue..."
Michiru: Is that a no? I'll pay for it myself.
Thanatos: "...Do as you please..."
Michiru: Excuse meeee! One cream soda, pleeease! Go heavy on the cream!
Thanatos: "...Honestly. Loud women are all the same..."
Michiru: Hm? You say something?
Thanatos: "It's nothing. Anyway, our first deal is just about to begin. Try not to seem surprised."
Michiru: ...Huh? What do you mean?
Thanatos: "At first, we'll only be making deals in the millions of yen, but after a few trades we're going to be dealing with truly absurd sums of money. Don't let yourself be startled by that."
Thanatos: "Keep a calm, cool expression on your face at all times. No matter how big the numbers get, tell yourself that it's less than your annual budget for snacks."
Thanatos: "That said, you mustn't seem casual or disinterested about the money. Always project an aura of confidence and aggression."
Michiru: ...Do I have to do anything complicated?
Thanatos: "Not really. Just be your normal self - skeptical of everything, hostile toward everyone. Anyone who's kind to you is an enemy! Same as your usual routine."
Michiru: ...Geez, you really make me sound like a jerk...
Thanatos: "Listen up. You're a tiger! A fierce predator, hunting for money. Give me a roar!"
Michiru: R-Roaaaar...
Thanatos: "Not loud enough! Go on, roar!"
Michiru: Roooooooooar!!
Thanatos: "Roar... into tsundere!"
Michiru: Rooooooar!! Don't get the wrong idea, okay!?!
Thanatos: "What on earth...? For some reason, I'm starting to find you somewhat cute... How mortifying."
Michiru: Huh? Did you just compliment me...? Ehehe...
Thanatos: "All right, don't go all 'dere' on me. We're about to get started."
Michiru: What do you mean...? The other guy isn't here yet.
Thanatos: "Actually, he's been here since before you arrived."
Michiru: ...Hweh?
Thanatos: "There's a man reading a pachinko magazine in a corner table by the entrance, isn't there? He's most likely the person you'll be dealing with."
Michiru: ...Huh? Seriously?
Thanatos: "Well, he's been watching you this whole time. Try asking him 'Why don't we get started?' and see what happens."
Michiru: Uh, okay...
Thanatos: "I'd like you to flip your switch first."
Michiru: Got it...
“Michiru”: ...Hey, mister... why don't we get started?
Narration: *In the blink of an eye, I switched from one "personality" to another.*
Narration: *When I spoke, my voice came out smooth and sultry.*
Narration: *By way of a response, the man in the corner smirked, then stood up and walked over to my table.*
Old Guy: ...I'm impressed you spotted me, missy.
“Michiru”: Well, you've got a certain smell about you... The stench of money, I suppose?
Old Guy: Heh... someone's got a sharp nose...
Makina: ...Huh? Hold on a second, Chiruchiru. Are we talkin' prosty-too-shun here!? Did you sell yer body ta some random guy!?
Michiru: Of course nooot!!!
Sachi: ...Good heavens... to think... there are people out there who'd pay good money for Michiru-sama!? What a shock!
Michiru: That's NOT what you're supposed to be shocked about!!!
Makina: Was it 50 yen...? Did ya sell yer dignity fer 50 yen?
Michiru: That isn't what happened, okay!? Seriously!
Amane: Then what kind of a job was this?
Michiru: Like I said, I'm not that sure myself... I just listened to Thanatos' voice through my earphone and did whatever she told me.
Yumiko: ...Unbelievable... You moved all that money around without even knowing what you were doing?
Michiru: Well, I was basically there to be a "stand-in" for Thanatos, you know?
Michiru: I started off by just acting kinda arrogant and pretending to know what I was doing, but... I seriously couldn't understand what that old guy was talking about...
Michiru: He did show me a whole bunch of documents and explain what they were, and he offered to answer any questions I had about the deal... But Thanatos said "that won't be necessary"... 
Michiru: Basically, it was always Thanatos who decided how we'd reply to whatever he proposed. I just listened to her instructions and said "sounds acceptable" or "that won't work." Simple as that...
Michiru: Sometimes things did get more complicated, but all I had to do was repeat the exact words Thanatos was whispering into my ear. It was easy enough at first, you know...?
Narration: *...But as our conversation drew to a close, things quickly started to get a lot more hectic.*
Old Guy: ...All right then, I think we've got a deal.
“Michiru”: So it seems... I'll deposit your payment now. Please verify that you've received it...
Narration: *Retrieving a smartphone from the pocket of his dirty jacket, the man tapped at the screen with his thick fingers, then smirked happily.*
Old Guy: Yes, everything seems to be in order. Let me show you to the goods.
Narration: *As soon as those words left his mouth, the man got up off his seat.*
Narration: *After paying for my cream soda, I followed him to a lot next to the cafe where his car was parked.*
Narration: *I got into the back seat at his invitation. And not long thereafter, we arrived at our destination: a warehouse in some kind of harbor.*
Michiru: (Uh, hey! Thanatos! Is this really safe!? I'm not gonna get murdered, am I!?)
Thanatos: "Don't worry, I've taken measures to ensure that can't happen. You'll be all right."
Narration: *―Inside the warehouse itself, there was an enormous mountain of metal barrels.*
Narration: *Altogether, they contained roughly 350,000 obsolete and broken cell phones.*
Michiru: ...Wait, what the heck!? A bunch of old cell phones? Did we just buy a pile of trash!?
Thanatos: "It's trash we can turn into money. Now isn't that splendid?"
Michiru: ...Whaaaaat...?
Old Guy: Hm? What's the matter? Something wrong with the goods?
Michiru: ...Ahem...
“Michiru”: Not at all. I'm quite satisfied, thank you. I do hope we'll be able to do business again.
Old Guy: The feeling's mutual. Well then, 'til next time...
Thanatos: "Very good. Give our new friend a cheerful smile and a handshake. We're all done with step one; time to move on to the next phase."
Michiru: ...The next phase...?
Thanatos: "We're going to make a deal with a contractor who can retrieve the valuable metals from these obsolete cell phones."
Thanatos: "Once that's been arranged, we'll sell both the phones and that contract to an overseas buyer."
Michiru: You're gonna sell these...? To who?
Thanatos: "The Chinese, for now. Once we've repeated this cycle a few times and scaled up somewhat, we'll switch to India. You do remember what I told you about that crane, I hope?"
Michiru: ...Well, yeah, but... isn't India that curry country?
Thanatos: "That's about as fair as calling Japan a ninja country."
Thanatos: "Right now, India's the place where rare metals are in the greatest demand. But we'll also be exporting to Hong Kong, Thailand, and Singapore."
Michiru: ...So basically, we're gonna be recycling a bunch of metal?
Thanatos: "I suppose that's a simple way to put it, yes. Japan only has one active mine within its borders, and we don't produce any ore to speak of, but we're still one of the world's leading metal exporters. This would be the reason why."
Michiru: Uhhh... I see.
Thanatos: "It sounds like you don't quite follow, but that's all right..."
Thanatos: "In any case, I've made a contract with a metal recycling firm, so we're going to get started with the exporting process. The initial destinations will be Switzerland, America, South Africa, and Australia. Okay?"
Michiru: O-Okay...
Narration: *I still didn't understand what was going on, but as we juggled our money around, it kept getting bigger: from 2 million yen to 6 million, and from 6 million to 27 million...*
Narration: *Just as Thanatos had said, it grew like a snowball rolling downhill.*
Narration: *After the metal recycling plan ran its course, we moved on to the export of tools and heavy machinery to Southeast Asia.*
Thanatos: "...So at this point, you're going to fly to the worksite in question."
Michiru: Fly...? Like, in an airplane?
Thanatos: "That's right. I've already rented one out, so you just have to get on board."
Thanatos: "Even while you're en route, I'll keep the money moving and growing on my end."
Michiru: ...By the way, how much do we have right now?
Thanatos: "It's better not to ask. You'd probably be shocked."
Michiru: ...Whaaat?
Narration: *And so, after boarding a plane that was apparently "the fastest business jet in the world," I soared off across the sea.*
Narration: *Once we landed, I didn't even have time to get my bearings. In the blink of an eye, I found myself at the site of a half-completed dam with a hard hat on my head.*
“Michiru”: Looks like everything's going well! Keep up the good work, everyone!
Narration: *After delivering these "inspirational" remarks, I handed over a pile of cash - supposedly "beer money" for all 8000 workers on the site. That was literally it.*
Michiru: ...Huh? Was that all you wanted me to do!?
Thanatos: "Yes, that's right."
Michiru: You flew me overseas just for that!?
Thanatos: "I can't say it was the only reason for this trip, but supporting the advancement of developing nations is a very important form of international cooperation."
Michiru: How is paying for their beer "international cooperation"!?
Thanatos: "That was just a generous gesture. We distributed our profits among the Japanese, American, and German companies that worked with us in the bidding for this contract, and used the surplus to give the workers a nice little treat."
Michiru: ...Huh? Uhm... wait, what exactly am I doing right now...? What's the name of this place, even?
Thanatos: "There's really no time to explain. Let's move on to the next country."
Michiru: Whaaat!? Hold on! What's next!? Where am I going now!?
Thanatos: "Just get in the plane, please."
Michiru: Not agaaain!
Narration: *How many minutes did I actually spend in that country...?*
Narration: *I honestly couldn't say. All I did was stop by that construction site, hand out some beer money, and then fly right off again. *
Narration: *Still dazed and confused, I now found myself landing in Indonesia.*
Michiru: Buy! Buy! Buy! Huh? Don't bother asking me that! Just buy, all right!? Buy 'til there's nothing left to buy!!
Narration: *There, following Thanatos' instructions to the letter, I bought all sorts of real estate and other assets.*
Narration: *We snapped up goods that hadn't found a buyer at dirt-cheap prices, then turned around and sold them to the people and companies who needed them most, turning a nice profit with every single transaction.*
Narration: *To simplify a bit, it was something like buying umbrellas and boots in a sunny place, then selling them to a country in the middle of a monsoon. We just repeated that basic process over and over. *
Narration: *Making these deals involved a lot of phone calls with people who didn't speak Japanese, so I'm still a little amazed it even worked...*
Narration: *But the important part was saying what I wanted and naming my price, so I guess it wasn't really that big a deal.*
Narration: *―After going through this process a whole bunch of times, I eventually found myself in possession of a yacht that must have been 60 meters long.*
Michiru: ...Huh? What's this? Why do I own this thing...? I mean, when did I even buy it?
Narration: *As I stood dumbfounded in the harbor, holding the deed and the keys in my hands... a cheerful Italian man walked up, took them from me, and got right on the yacht with a bunch of bodacious blonde babes.*
Michiru: ...Uh... what the heck? Who was that guy?
Thanatos: "That was Mr. Antonio Bruni, a French count of Italian extraction. In exchange for that yacht, he sold us the right to mine for gold and diamonds in several locations."
Michiru: I don't really get it... What's an Italian French person doing in the country of curry, anyway...?
Thanatos: "........."
Thanatos: "I'm sure I've misunderstood you... but I'm going to say this anyway, just to be on the safe side."
Thanatos: "India and Indonesia are different countries. You do know that, yes?"
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait, isn't Indonesia just the longer name for India? You know, like Austria and Australia.
Thanatos: "...*Siiiiigh*..."
Michiru: Gaaaah! That was a total "I give up" sigh! W-Was I wrong!? India isn't the same thing as Indonesia!?
Thanatos: "...Oh, good lord! Google it!"
Michiru: You don't have to get all mad at me. Oh, hey, can I buy some yakitori from that stand over there?
Thanatos: "...That isn't yakitori, it's satay... Do as you please..."
Michiru: Ooh, do they have chicken skin? I looove the skin!
Thanatos: "...How on earth did Yuuji manage to put up with this girl, anyway...? I'm genuinely impressed..."
Michiru: Hmm? Did you say something?
Thanatos: "...*Sigh*... I'm so tired..."
Michiru: So after that, I ended up going to Tibet, and Mumbai in India, and Nepal, and Amsterdam in Holland... I dropped by all sorts of places for minutes at a time, then flew off somewhere else...
Makina: Holy crap, yer a friggin' globetrotter, girl... How much did ya earn, anyway?
Michiru: Seriously, I don't even know. I think we must have moved tens of billions of yen around... maybe hundreds. But we were constantly buying stuff as well, so... I guess we came out of it with tens of millions, maybe?
Sachi: ...We opened a bank account with a mere 1000 yen, and now we have tens of millions... How could anyone manage that so quickly...?
Yumiko: You buy up a number of small companies, merge them together, and then sell them off as their value temporarily rises...
Yumiko: She probably combined a number of businesses that complimented each other - say a "wire shop" and a "pliers shop" - then sold them to larger corporations for a quick profit.
Yumiko: It might sound simple, but it's the kind of alchemy that only works when you have a reliable, high-speed information network. Most people would stumble repeatedly and take years to earn any real profit. She truly is a monster...
Thanatos: "I'm rather tired of hearing that, I must say."
Makina: Uwo? Since when have you been listenin' in, Thanatos?
Thanatos: "I've been listening from the very beginning. I can hear you through your cell phones and Sakaki Yumiko's computer. Incidentally, I'm also watching you through her web camera."
Makina: Hrrrm. Can't let our guard down fer a second with this lady around...
Thanatos: "In any case... since our preparations are coming along nicely, I thought it was about time I briefed you on the actual details of our operation. Would that be all right?"
Yumiko: ...Yes, I think we're ready...

Date: *August 5, 2012, XX:XX - Houseboat*
Thanatos: "Our raid will commence tomorrow at 1800 hours. Its objective is the recapture of Kazami Yuuji. The operation's name will be... uh..."
Makina: Kikusui? Ya gotta go with Kikusui when yer recapturin' somethin', right? Or maybe Senkaku...
Amane: Shh! Thanatos is trying to think, okay? Pipe down.
Thanatos: "Aah... well, it doesn't matter. Let's go with Operation: Rescue Kazami Yuuji."
Amane: Now look what you've done! Thanatos got bored and stopped trying!
Makina: How is that my fault?
Thanatos: "I'm going to ignore the noise I'm currently hearing and proceed with the briefing."
Thanatos: "At 1800 hours on the day of the operation, a transport vehicle will depart Ichigaya Headquarters with our target, Kazami Yuuji."
Thanatos: "Regarding their route, several possible patterns have already been established. Given the nature of their mission, they won't want to stop once they've set out. Accordingly, they'll be attempting to circumvent traffic congestion."
Thanatos: "A secondary question was whether they'd opt to use a toll road... But since there was no prior request filed with the appropriate transit authority, it's safe to conclude they won't be doing so."
Thanatos: "That leaves us with two remaining route plans. There's route A, the most pragmatic option in terms of distance to be traveled, and route B, a somewhat circuitous option that would ensure they don't encounter traffic."
Thanatos: "I think it's likely that they'll use route A, but the convoy's commander will make the final decision at his own discretion."
Michiru: Huh? You don't know which way they're gonna go?
Thanatos: "In cases like these, their timing and itinerary do follow certain patterns, but the route isn't decided in advance. The commander makes the call on the day of the operation. It all comes down to the 'human factor,' so to speak."
Thanatos: "Some commanders might decide by rolling dice, and others pick a route based solely on their instincts..."
Thanatos: "But based on what I know about Mr. I, who will be in charge of this convoy... He's probably going to check in with a traffic information center about an hour before departing, then choose whichever route appears to be safer."
Yumiko: So we'll monitor the road conditions tomorrow and set up our ambush accordingly?
Thanatos: "No. Instead of committing fully to route A or B, we'll position ourselves so that we can cope with either eventuality."
Yumiko: But that would mean...
Thanatos: "I'm placing more emphasis on minimizing losses than maximizing gains. Failing to rescue our target is one thing, but if you people are captured, there won't be any second chances. Strategic retreat is preferable to annihilation."
Yumiko: So you're balancing the odds of success against the dispersal of risk...?
Thanatos: "It's the most efficient possible plan, given your lack of numbers and equipment."
Yumiko: All right. I understand...
Michiru: ...Makina, did you follow that?
Makina: Basically, she's sayin' we can't let 'em take us prisoner. We don't have many weapons, and there won't be any reinforcements stormin' the beaches... so I guess we gotta fight to th' death, Peleliu Island style?
Thanatos: "You're not entirely off-base, but I won't tolerate any suicidal heroics."
Thanatos: "There's no need to lie bleeding in a ditch with a land mine in your arms, waiting to throw yourself at the next tank that rolls by. Kazami Yuuji certainly wouldn't want you to sacrifice yourselves for a lost cause."
Makina: ...Yeah, yer right. Onii-chan loves his titties, after all.
Thanatos: "Your titties are entirely irrelevant."
Sachi: ...Are you quite sure about that?
Thanatos: "All right, don't you get started too. I'm moving on now."
Thanatos: "First of all... Sakaki Yumiko. You're going to be on standby in this boat."
Yumiko: ...I suppose that's hardly surprising.
Thanatos: "As I'm sure you're well aware, you've never voluntarily participated in any event involving rigorous activity, let alone your gym classes. In other words, you're not suited to physically demanding tasks."
Thanatos: "Additionally... in the course of moving all that money around today, I'm afraid I left quite a paper trail behind."
Thanatos: "I'd like you to clean up after me and balance all of our accounts. Make sure not to use a single yen of your own cash in the process, though."
Yumiko: ...You want me to offset everything perfectly using only imaginary money? That's going to be a real hassle...
Thanatos: "Money is a troublesome thing. If you leave the slightest trace of it behind, it leads your enemies right to you. You wouldn't want to be hounded for years because you miscalculated some transaction by a few yen, would you?"
Yumiko: In other words, I should really clear out our surplus funds at the same time. I suppose I could use multiple foreign banks to deposit tiny amounts into every domestic account that's been dormant for ten years or more, but...
Thanatos: "Well, it's probably safer than making anonymous donations to various charities... but I'll leave that decision in your hands."
Yumiko: All right. I'll get rid of it all, down to the last sen.
Thanatos: "Next is Irisu Makina. I assume you figured this out when you picked up your equipment, but you'll be our sniper for this mission."
Makina: Right! I've got some complaints ta register!
Thanatos: "Go right ahead."
Makina: Why an AMR? Why a friggin' .50 caliber? Just cuz it's bigger doesn't mean it's better, ya know?
Thanatos: "...Hm. Tell me, how much combat experience do you have? None? In fact, have you ever fired anything other than an air rifle?"
Makina: ...Well... not really, but...
Thanatos: "I assume you're biased against .50 caliber rifles because you internalized the opinions of your instructor, one Kazami Yuuji. However, using different equipment for different tasks is a perfectly natural concept."
Makina: All right then! So why's an AMR th' best tool fer this job?
Thanatos: "It's a simple matter of ballistics. Comparing a .50 caliber and a .338 Lapua at long range, the .50 caliber will have a more gradual parabola after 1200 meters, making it easier to land your shots."
Thanatos: "Incidentally, for the purposes of this mission, you'll be firing at a range of either 900 or 1400 meters - depending on whether the convoy follows route A or route B."
Thanatos: "It's true that bullets can technically fly more than 5000 meters... But after that 1200 meter mark, their trajectory begins to curve downward, and shots aimed at the chest end up hitting at waist-level."
Thanatos: "In terms of velocity, the Lapua Magnum is definitely superior. But thanks to the .50's weight, there's less risk of the wind blowing it off-course, and it loses less energy in flight. That makes it the best choice for this job."
Makina: ...Hrm...
Thanatos: "In addition, you're going to be shooting vehicles, not people. Please look at the information on your screen."
Thanatos: "The convoy escorting Kazami Yuuji will include two different types of vehicles: the Type-73 Light Truck, and the personnel carrier commonly referred to as an HMV."
Thanatos: "The Type-73 Light Truck will be leading the pack, with the convoy commander and his aide inside. The aide will be behind the wheel."
Thanatos: "I anticipate they'll be armed only with two automatic pistols produced by a certain Nagoya-based manufacturer of bearings."
Thanatos: "Of the two HMVs following the Type-73, one will be positioned behind the actual transport, acting as the rear guard. I expect there will be four to six guards in this vehicle, and another three to four in the other."
Thanatos: "As for their weaponry... they'll also be carrying automatic pistols, at the very least. But I'd also expect them to be equipped with four to six deadly assault rifles, reinforced with the very latest in duct-tape technology."
Thanatos: "Irisu Makina, your job is to disable all of these vehicles using your sniper rifle."
Makina: Uh... th' guy only gave me six bullets today, ya know?
Thanatos: "That's right. You need to stop three vehicles with those six bullets. Are there more vehicles in the convoy, or more people capable of driving them?"
Makina: ...People?
Thanatos: "Correct. And that's why you're shooting the vehicles. Use your first shot to test-fire the rifle, then disable all of the vehicles with a single shot to their engines. How many bullets does that leave you?"
Makina: Two.
Thanatos: "Use one of those to hit the fuel tank of the rear-guard vehicle at the back of the convoy."
Thanatos: "You're working with penetrator rounds designed to pierce through their target. No matter how they strike the tank, it won't cause an explosion."
Makina: ...Gotcha. So the last bullet's ta finish myself off with?
Thanatos: "...It's just a spare round... in case you miss a shot, or find that one of your bullets is defective..."
Thanatos: "I have to say, your mind works in exceptionally grim ways... Why is that?"
Makina: I'm just calm an' dis-pasha-nutt, ya know? Onii-chan always said that's th' key to becomin' a good sniper.
Thanatos: "...Well, never mind. Go practice with your dummy cartridge until you've gotten used to the trigger feel... Also, make sure you know how to operate your digital spotter!"
Makina: Kaaay.
Thanatos: "Next up... would be you, Komine Sachi."
Sachi: ...Of course. What would you have me do...?
Thanatos: "I'm giving you the single most challenging job. You'll be launching the actual assault, the key to any operation of this sort."
Sachi: What exactly will that involve?
Thanatos: "First of all, you'll stand by on the route the vehicles are following."
Thanatos: "Once Irisu Makina has disabled the convoy, the guards begin to disembark from their vehicles. That will serve as your cue."
Thanatos: "After igniting the smoke grenades you prepared beforehand, you'll hurl them toward the convoy one by one, covering the area in gas."
Thanatos: "Fifteen seconds after the guards assume their defensive positions, I want you to charge into the smokescreen. Your objective is to take control of our target, Kazami Yuuji, as quickly as possible."
Thanatos: "It's likely the guards will attempt to prevent this using their firearms. Please respond as you see fit."
Sachi: As I see fit...? In other words, you want me to figure it out as I go...?
Thanatos: "Essentially, yes. But don't use explosives if it can be avoided. It's likely that our target will be restrained, and possibly even sedated. Reckless attacks might cause him serious harm."
Sachi: Understood... I'll increase my production of non-lethal weaponry...
Thanatos: "Please do. One last thing: if it becomes clear that you can't rescue the target alone, don't take any foolish risks. Protect yourself with additional smoke grenades and wait for reinforcements."
Sachi: ...Er... reinforcements?
Thanatos: "Yes, that's right. Matsushima Michiru."
Michiru: Huh? Me!?
Sachi: .........
Michiru: Okay, look! Can you at least pretend not to be thinking "Ugggh, worst reinforcements ever"!?
Sachi: ...I think my job may have just gotten a bit more troublesome...
Thanatos: "Bringing Matsushima Michiru to the scene will be your job, Suou Amane. I'll provide you with a new, specially-equipped vehicle tomorrow."
Amane: Cool! I'm looking forward to it!
Thanatos: "It was a last-minute rush order for a rather high-performance vehicle, so I'm afraid delivery was delayed slightly... but it should be waiting for you at a certain place tomorrow evening."
Thanatos: "Your first job of the day will be to head over there with Matsushima Michiru to pick it up."
Amane: Well, sure... but what kind of "vehicle" is it? Doing this with no dry run makes me a little nervous... and I'm pretty picky about my cars.
Thanatos: "Don't worry about that. I made sure to take your preferences and needs into account when I ordered it, so there shouldn't be a problem."
Thanatos: "Lightness before horsepower. Deceleration before acceleration. No matter how much raw power you have, a heavy car won't turn well. And no matter how fast you can go, it won't make up for a bad set of brakes. Correct?"
Amane: Uh, yeah... Well, if you say so, then I guess it'll be okay...
Michiru: Wait, wait! Hold on a second. Maybe I'm misunderstanding, but... you're kinda making it sound like you want me to ride in a car that Amane's driving...?
Thanatos: "Do it."
Michiru: Not that! Anything but that!
Thanatos: "Shut up. Do it."
Michiru: Is it just me, or is even Thanatos bullying me now!?
Thanatos: "Suou Amane will rush to the scene in her vehicle, with Matsushima Michiru as a passenger. As soon as they arrive, Matsushima Michiru will disembark and assist Komine Sachi with the retrieval and extraction of Kazami Yuuji." 
Thanatos: "Once you've got him in the vehicle, immediately make your getaway. The retrieval process should take no longer than two minutes."
Thanatos: "Your escape route will vary, depending on which route the convoy chose... But I've devised seven plans that would work in either scenario, and gave Suou Amane a test run to familiarize her with them. There won't be any problems."
Michiru: ...There's totally a problem... I'll be throwing up all over the place...
Thanatos: "Bring a large number of barf bags with you. Problem solved."
Michiru: Harsh! Seriously, why are you being so mean to me!?!
Thanatos: "Hmm? What are you saying? Your ability to withstand harsh treatment is your greatest asset, isn't it?"
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait... my greatest asset...? Like, it's one of my good points?
Thanatos: "Absolutely. I'm expecting a great deal from you."
Michiru: Oh... really? Well, all right. Guess I'll have to show you what I can do. Sheeesh...
Thanatos: "Sheeesh."
Michiru: Shaheeeeesh!
Thanatos: "...*Giggle*..."
Michiru: Huh? Wait, are you making fun of me here?
Thanatos: "Once you've successfully rescued Kazami Yuuji, you'll proceed to pick up Irisu Makina. Exactly where this happens will depend on your route and the situation."
Thanatos: "After completing her tasks as our sniper, Irisu Makina will collect her equipment and make her way to the rendezvous point by bicycle."
Thanatos: "Komine Sachi. Did you procure the bicycle, as I requested?"
Sachi: Yes, of course. I've also attached a trailer she can use to transport her equipment.
Michiru: A trailer...?
Sachi: It's a wheeled cart that connects to the rear of your bicycle. They had one small enough to be used with "mini velo" models... Its maximum capacity is 35 kilograms, enough to carry two tanks of kerosene.
Thanatos: "That's adequate. Well done. Irisu Makina, you'll be using that to carry your gear tomorrow. After dropping off your equipment on site, I'd like you to remove the trailer and use your bicycle to familiarize yourself with the area."
Thanatos: "I'm sure you won't forget your binoculars, GPS, or compass, but make sure to bring wind gauges as well."
Makina: And some polyetha-lean rope, right? Roger that, cap'n.
Thanatos: "After recovering Irisu Makina, immediately continue your escape. This boat will be waiting for you at a predetermined location; upon arrival, you'll abandon your vehicle and flee in this one."
Michiru: ...Flee? To where?
Thanatos: "That also depends on the circumstances. In the worst-case scenario, please be aware that you may have to head overseas."
Amane: ...Overseas, huh...? What the heck am I gonna say to my folks...?
Makina: Is it Mexico? Are we runnin' off ta Mexico?
Sachi: Maki-chan, that's a rather rude assumption. Mexico isn't just a destination for criminals on the run, you know?
Michiru: Where's Mexico, again? Right next to America?
Yumiko: It's located in the southern half of North America.
Michiru: Huh? Is it northern or southern? Make up your mind!
Yumiko: It doesn't matter!!
Thanatos: "...Well, there's still a little time before tomorrow. Think this over carefully one last time."
Thanatos: "I won't force you to do this. The decision is ultimately yours."
Thanatos: "That will be all from me. Please prepare yourselves appropriately, in accordance with your duties."
Thanatos: "Well then, until tomorrow..."
Sachi: ...I suppose we should begin our preparations...
Makina: Yep, sounds good...
Narration: *They'd all made up their minds some time ago.*
Narration: *But with the moment of truth so close at hand, they found themselves wrestling with an indescribable sense of anxiety.*
Narration: *Failure wasn't an option.*
Narration: *The more they dwelled on that fact, the more urgent it seemed that they do everything they possibly could.*
Narration: *Taking her rifle from its case, Makina began "dry-firing" from the prone position, pausing only to carefully adjust the position of her scope.*
Narration: *For her part, Sachi silently set about transforming a number of empty soft drink bottles into additional smoke grenades.*
Narration: *Yumiko was rooted in front of her PC, typing away furiously as she manipulated their money...*
Narration: *And Amane was studying her notebook and a map, double-checking the "pace notes" she'd made earlier in the day.*
Narration: *In the midst of all this activity, Michiru alone had nothing in particular to do; she lay flat on the tea table like a slug, staring into space.*
Narration: *No one spoke. The minutes passed painfully slowly.*
Narration: *After an hour of this, Michiru could no longer stand the silence - or her profound boredom.*
Michiru: ...Hey...
Everyone: .........
Michiru: C'mooon. Don't ignore me...
Amane: What's up? You hungry?
Michiru: That's not it... Look, are you guys serious about this?
Amane: What do you mean?
Michiru: It's a simple question, right...? We're talking about doing something seriously crazy here. You're not gonna change your minds or anything?
Amane: Well, I know I won't. There's no way I could...
Amane: I've got a responsibility... as someone who lived through hell. She asked me to take care of her brother...
Amane: Back then, I ran away when I should have stood my ground. I don't want to do that ever again...
Amane: So there's no way I'm gonna change my mind now.
Michiru: But... this isn't a playground fight, you know? We're totally out of our league...
Makina: Hey, Chiruchiru. Ya know about kangaroos, right?
Michiru: Of course I do... They're the guys with the pouch on their belly, right?
Makina: Yep, that's right. Here's th' thing about kangaroos, though. It's physically impossible fer them ta walk backward!
Michiru: Okay. So...?
Makina: When all ya can do is move forward, an' somebody decides to get in your way, there's no choice but to fight...
Makina: An' right now, that pretty much describes me.
Makina: We got too many enemies? They're just too strong? Bit late ta be worryin' about that now! Once ya take that first step forward, there's no turnin' back...
Makina: And if turnin' tail ain't an option, I might as well fight. I've sure been sharpenin' my claws long enough...
Michiru: You're talking total nonsense...
Makina: I know it's crazy. It ain't like one pipsqueak takin' a stand is gonna accomplish much... but I'm still gonna fight. I'm gonna fight to th' bitter end...
Michiru: ...What if you get yourself killed...?
Makina: I'd rather die accomplishin' my goals than live in constant regret...
Makina: Fer a long time, I was mired down in a swamp... I couldn't take a single step forward, and I'd stopped even botherin' ta struggle. But then, someone gave me th' courage to get back on my feet...
Makina: When I looked at him, I always thought... "that's th' kinda person I wanna be"...
Makina: So even if I know it's reckless... I'll keep movin' forward. That's how I'm gonna live my life...
Makina: Give up because th' odds are against us? Bah! If I was gonna back down after comin' this far, I wouldn'ta started this war in th' first place!
Makina: As long as I've got an arrow ta fire, I'll fight! As long as I've got a sword ta swing, I'll fight! I'm givin' this battle everything I've got... right down to th' blood in my veins!
Michiru: Okay, now you're just saying stuff because it sounds cool...
Sachi: To be certain, this might be a foolhardy endeavor...
Sachi: I myself am only a humble pseudo-maid... Much like Maki-chan, I'm ultimately powerless. In the face of a great power, I'll be easily crushed...
Sachi: However... if someone has need of me, then... no matter how many times I'm broken, I want to grow right back... Yes. I want to be a maid as resilient as the teeth of a shark...
Michiru: ...Again with the sharks...? You seriously have a problem...
Michiru: How about you, Yumiko? You're actually thinking this stuff through, right?
Yumiko: I don't give a damn.
Michiru: Excuse me? Uh, okay, that's not really the kind of answer I was looking for...
Yumiko: Was it surprising to hear me speak that crudely?
Michiru: Huh? Well, yeah...
Yumiko: I suppose it would be. But you know... I suffered a great deal because I couldn't bring myself to say those words...
Yumiko: I don't give a damn about my "responsibilities," or the "expectations" of others... and if I'd been able to say that years ago, I would've been so much better off...
Yumiko: Instead, I just went with the flow. I don't think I even tried to make any important decisions for myself...
Yumiko: When I got angry, I bottled it up inside. When I disagreed with someone, I gave in rather than risk rocking the boat...
Yumiko: And in the end, I always snapped and threw violent, childish fits.
Yumiko: But you know... I think what we're doing now might change all that for good...
Yumiko: I have a goal that I set for myself... and I'm going to accomplish it, even if it means throwing everything else away...
Yumiko: Instead of just waiting for someone else to deal with it, I'm taking action of my own free will...
Yumiko: People might call the things I'm trying to do "stupid." They might laugh at me... In fact, I'm sure Kazami-kun will do just that when we save him...
Yumiko: But you know... I want to hear him call me "stupid"...
Yumiko: And after that, I want him to compliment me a little... I want him to tell me that the miso soup I made was delicious... I want him to stroke my head, and say "well done"...
Amane: Ooh, great! Okay then, I want a kiss! A really wild one, with lots of tongue!
Sachi: ...In that case, I shall reserve the right to accompany him into the bath.
Makina: Nwah! What th' heck!? No fair! Uhm... uhm... okay, well... I wanna do ALL of that!
Amane: Okay, okay! No fighting! We have to get Yuuji back first, right?
Makina: Grrr... these hussies never miss a chance ta get their licks in. Can't let down my guard fer a minute, I swear...
Yumiko: ...Matsushima-san, what are you planning to do?
Michiru: I'm... honestly not sure myself...
Michiru: I mean, I wanna be with Yuuji forever too, okay? I know how much I need him...
Michiru: But I'm kinda stupid, so I don't really know if that's a good enough reason to do something this crazy... I keep going back and forth...
Michiru: Why wouldn't it be good enough? It's the most important thing in the world to me, right? I've told myself that a dozen times... But then I start thinking about what happens if we fail, and I end up right back where I started...
Makina: Aaah... yeah, that sounds like you, all right. Yer a moron, so ya keep rethinkin' decisions you've already made. Sorta like one of them dogs that chases its own tail in a circle fer hours at a time, right?
Michiru: Yeah, pretty much! So sue me!
Makina: I think I get it. Basically, ya get all mixed up when someone says "ya don't have to come with us unless ya want to," right?
Makina: In that case, I'll tell ya what ya need to hear. Listen up, Matsushima! Yer gonna put yer life in my hands! Until this operation's over, it's mine to do with as I please! Any objections!?
Michiru: Huh...? Wait, I...
Makina: Don't worry, maggot! I'll give it back once the operation's over! You can figure out the rest, 'cause I sure as hell ain't takin' care of ya forever! Waste all your time worryin', if that's what you want! Live however ya please!
Sachi: This is great stuff, Maki-chan! You sound just like an NCO encouraging a disheartened private!
Makina: When an officer hesitates, his men die! But I ain't about ta hesitate! Just follow my lead, and I'll show ya the way forward! Ya got that, Matsushima!?
Michiru: ...Whaaaat?
Makina: That ain't what I'm looking for, shithead! Give me a hoo-ah!!
Michiru: H-Hooah!
Makina: Hoooooooo-aaaaaaah!!!
Michiru: H-Hooooooooaaaaaaah!!!
Makina: Alllll right then! Looks like you've got some spirit, at least! Now go to bed and get some sleep! That's an order, maggot!!
Michiru: Yessir! Going to bed, sir!
Narration: *Rising to her feet, Michiru repeated her orders with a salute, executed a right-face, and promptly jumped into her sleeping bag.*
Narration: *Hands on her hips, Makina observed this with her best drill-sergeant glower, then let out a quiet little sigh.*
Yumiko: ...That was heavy-handed... 
Makina: I didn't have much choice, ya know...? It's like Onii-chan told me... At times like these, Chiruchiru needs someone ta pull her forward...
Makina: I think Chiruchiru understands that herself. But bein' Chiruchiru, there ain't a whole helluva lot she can do about it...
Makina: Onii-chan told me... "more than anything else, that girl needs a friend who can lead her by the hand"...
Makina: So I promised him I'd be Chiruchiru's friend... th' kinda friend she needs.
Sachi: It's a pity we don't have the time for a calmer, heart-to-heart discussion...
Amane: If Yuuji were here, I'm sure he would've done the same thing Makina did... and if she hadn't stepped in, I think I would have.
Yumiko: We're all anxious right now, I suppose. I'm sorry... I probably should have been the one to say something to Matsushima-san.
Makina: Don't worry about it. At times like this, a speech from th' base CO ain't half as convincin' as a pep talk from some sergeant who's been out in th' trenches with you.
Yumiko: You're really making everything into a military metaphor these days, aren't you...?
Makina: I mean, that's how Onii-chan looked at th' world. I'm just imitatin' him.
Amane: Well, that's nothing new... "Imitating" people is your way of figuring out the kind of person you want to be, right...?
Makina: Anyway... Chiruchiru just said what we were all thinkin', deep down. It's probably a good thing that she got it out there...
Yumiko: True enough... We may be united in pursuit of our goal, but that doesn't mean we're immune to fear and doubt...
Yumiko: Matsushima-san shows us her angst instead of trying to hide it. That might be the reason we've managed to stay strong...
Sachi: Michiru-sama may be a dolt, but I suppose we couldn't get by without her...
Yumiko: When you think about it... our little group is so neatly balanced, it almost feels like someone intentionally brought us together...
Amane: ...Ah... gah, no way... don't tell me...
Makina: Hmm? What's up?
Amane: Wait! Th... uhm, Thanatos! Are you listening!?
Thanatos: "There's no need to shout. I can hear you perfectly."
Thanatos: "It's all a coincidence, of course. It's not as if I've been manipulating all of you people for years in anticipation of these events."
Amane: Really...? To be honest, I wouldn't be surprised if you had everything perfectly planned out ten years ahead of time...
Thanatos: "I've only been fully operational for the last two years, you know? Also, Kazami Yuuji was the one who decided he wanted to return to school. I played no part in that."
Thanatos: "That said... I suppose there was a certain 'mastermind' who took your little group of hopeless outcasts and helped you get back on your feet. Of course, that would be Kazami Yuuji himself."
Thanatos: "And since I was the one who arranged for Kazami Yuuji to be permitted to attend your school... Indirectly, I suppose I was behind everything that's happened... in a sense."
Makina: What th' heck, man... Sure sounds like you were pullin' the strings all along ta me...
Sachi: ...Even if that were true, I'd be grateful for it.
Thanatos: "Oh? What if I told you that you were different? That I personally ensured you would enter Mihama?"
Sachi: ...Huh? Wait... what do you mean...?
Thanatos: "It's only a joke. Your admission to Mihama was, of course, a coincidence."
Amane: ...Is it a "coincidence" that I met Yuuji there...?
Thanatos: "Yes. Absolutely."
Amane: Really...? I'm starting to get a little freaked out, honestly...
Thanatos: "It's your own fault for seeking answers from God. From now on, try not to waste my time with your idle curiosity. Understood?"
Amane: O-Okay...
Thanatos: "Now that that's settled, please go to bed. I won't respond if you speak to me again. Good night, everyone."
Makina: Uh, geez... I dunno about tryin' ta sleep right now, man...
Yumiko: I've still got a few things to take care of... but if you don't have any particular tasks left to complete, then I do think it would be wise to get some rest.
Makina: Holy crap, Chiruchiru's already sawin' logs over there...
Sachi: It sounds as if she went on quite the excursion today... I'm sure she's quite exhausted...
Makina: Ah well, it's definitely gettin' late. Guess I'll hop inta bed and snuggle up with my rifle...
Amane: Ugh. In that case, you're sleeping in your own cot tonight. Don't bring that oily thing into my bed, got it?
Makina: Kaaaaay!
Amane: Sakaki-san, are you gonna want a midnight snack? Should I throw something together?
Yumiko: I bought myself a supply of Oyang, so a little hot water is all I need. You're tired yourself, aren't you? Why don't you get some rest?
Amane: Yeah... I guess I'll do that...
Narration: *―In all honesty, Amane wasn't too sure she'd be getting much rest that night.*
Narration: *But oddly enough... the moment her head hit the pillow, she found herself sinking down into a deep and peaceful slumber.*

Date: *August 5, 2012, 22:30 - Metropolitan Area*
Oslo: ...Right. It's a bit like... buying the Brooklyn Bridge, isn't it?
Narration: *Closing his eyes as he pressed the phone to his ear, Heath Oslo spoke in a quiet, languid voice.*
Narration: *He appeared entirely disinterested in whether the man on the other end of the line could hear him clearly - or even understand the meaning of his words. It was almost as if he was talking to himself.*
Oslo: You know, that scam where they'd find some country boy on his first visit to Manhattan and offer him a "great deal" on the Brooklyn Bridge.
Oslo: It's not as if you could take a purchase like that home, so all you'd really get out of the deal was a piece of paper saying "the Brooklyn Bridge belongs to you," and a photo of yourself standing in front of it.
Oslo: And of course, when you head back to the country to brag about your shiny new toy, everyone and their dog laughs themselves silly at your stupidity.
Oslo: Now tell me, Adam-kun... do I look like that sort of imbecile to you?
Adam: "...Is there some point to this prattling?"
Oslo: Hmm? Goodness. Well, let me ask you this... was there some point in you placing this phone call?
Adam: "I believe I've provided you with a detailed explanation of our circumstances."
Oslo: Yes, I remember that. It was a long string of exceptionally dull excuses that nearly lulled me to sleep.
Adam: "And your response is... some story about the Brooklyn Bridge? I thought I told you that we need a clear and unambiguous answer."
Oslo: What a coincidence. That's exactly what I wanted from you, as well.
Oslo: Well, in any case... now that I've helped you understand how tiresome it is to have someone blather nonsense at you endlessly, I suppose we may as well cut to the chase.
Oslo: When we summarize your tedious, long-winded "explanation," it essentially boils down to this...
Oslo: You don't plan to give us the Thanatos System, and you don't plan to give us Kazami Yuuji. Correct...?
Adam: "We already offered you the most generous compromise we possibly could. You're the ones who unilaterally tore up the deal."
Oslo: Oh really now, you can't be serious. We're the ones who were doing all the compromising, you know?
Oslo: Let's review some of the many concessions we've offered you in exchange for the Thanatos System and Kazami Yuuji, shall we...?
Oslo: We agreed to stop selling NSA intelligence. We agreed to stop helping terrorists escape Afghanistan. We agreed to stop smuggling weapons into Africa...
Oslo: And you say that still isn't enough? Just how greedy are you people, anyway?
Adam: "A country is a living thing. Just because its 'brain' knows something doesn't mean its arms and legs will move appropriately."
Oslo: That really just sounds like an excuse to me... Should I consider these negotiations concluded?
Adam: "I've already explained that our primary condition is the surrender of the alternative nuclear weapons you smuggled into Japan."
Oslo: Yes. And I replied that once you give me back Kazami Yuuji, I'll hand over one gram.
Adam: "The total mass of the nuclear material you brought into this country was three grams. We're demanding that you hand all of it over."
Oslo: Surely you aren't stupid enough to think we'd actually agree to that?
Oslo: Really now, just think it through.
Oslo: If we use those three grams of alternative nuclear material in a densely populated area, 8000 people would die. And if we use them at a nuclear reactor, it's more like 30,000... or 200,000 over the course of a decade.
Oslo: We're offering to give one-third of those innocent victims, at least 60,000 people, a new lease on life. All we want is one man: Kazami Yuuji. By any reasonable standard, that's an exceptionally fair trade.
Oslo: I genuinely don't understand how you could possibly be dissatisfied.
Adam: "...Let me put it this way. When someone orders you to drop your gun, saying you'll drop three of your bullets instead isn't a particularly meaningful offer."
Oslo: Look here. If someone's docile enough to drop their gun because a police officer asked them to, they wouldn't be robbing a bank in the first place, now would they?
Adam: "...This is getting us nowhere."
Oslo: That's why I set a time limit. It's hardly my fault you waited this long to call, is it?
Adam: "Will you allow me to consult with my superiors one last time?"
Oslo: All right. Just remember there isn't much time. Goodbye.
Oslo: ...Haaaaah...
Narration: *Hanging up the phone with a long, deep sigh, Oslo furrowed his brow and ground his back teeth together.*
Oslo: ...Nghhaah! Damn it all!
Narration: *Quite suddenly, he raised his face and kicked violently at the desk sitting in front of him.*
Narration: *The desk slid loudly across the floor, sending the lamp, telephone, and papers on top of it flying.*
Oslo: What is it with these people!? Why are government employees all so utterly useless!?
Oslo: Do they have a special quota for hiring totally incompetent baboons!? To hell with equal-opportunity employment!
Narration: *Keeping a wary eye on Oslo as this childish tantrum continued, a man named Travis quietly began picking up the items he had knocked all over the floor.*
Narration: *Seemingly displeased by this silent treatment, Oslo glared down at him.*
Oslo: ...What? Is there something you want to say? Go right ahead.
Travis: No. It's nothing.
Narration: *Gathering together the papers he'd picked up, Travis began returning them to the desk one by one. Oslo watched in silence for a moment, then let out another little sigh.*
Oslo: Haaah... I suppose I'm hardly one to talk, am I...?
Narration: *Sometimes you have to employ someone even when you know they're no good. It's just the way things work.*
Narration: *But of course, there was one important difference between working for the government and working for Heath Oslo.*
Narration: *In the public sector, failing miserably almost never cost you your life.*
Narration: *But working for Oslo, even minor failures often led to a premature death.*
Narration: *Only the competent would survive. That was the nature of the system.*
Narration: *When you looked at it that way... Travis had managed to serve as his subordinate for a full eight years by now. In other words, the man hadn't made any serious mistakes in that time, so he couldn't be completely worthless...*
Narration: *But in reality, he was just a slippery, opportunistic weasel with a knack for saving his own skin.*
Oslo: ...How is Yuuji?
Narration: *Oslo had regained his composure, and his tone of voice was quiet and calm. But it took a moment for Travis to understand his question.*
Travis: You mean Typhon? He's no longer attempting to harm himself, so I have him on standby in his room. Would you like me to call for him?
Oslo: No. If he's calmed down, then we should let him sleep. And in any case, the plan comes first. How is the planting of our nuclear material proceeding?
Travis: Of the two points within the city, we've already set the bomb at point one. As for point two, one of our sleeper agents is currently determining the location that will maximize potential damage. He will then plant the bomb there.
Oslo: This is taking too long... Point two is supposed to be the first to go off. When will they be finished?
Travis: Within the next nine hours.
Oslo: You have twelve, then. Don't rush the job, all right? Make sure it's done properly.
Travis: Understood.
Oslo: The only remaining question is how our friends will respond... Well, I suppose they can't just hand Kazami Yuuji over to us, so we'll probably end up with a tacitly-authorized "kidnapping"...
Travis: That seems likely, yes...
Narration: *From a political perspective, there was no way the government could cut a deal with a group of terrorists.*
Narration: *However, sticking stubbornly to their public stances would leave no room for negotiation.*
Narration: *So in the end, it all came down to "saving face."*
Narration: *In order to avoid besmirching the good name of their nation, they would essentially turn a blind eye to certain losses.*
Narration: *It wasn't possible to officially yield to a terrorist's demands... but if they quietly allowed something to be "stolen," they hadn't technically paid the ransom.*
Oslo: The next time he calls, it will probably be to inform us when and where they will be transporting Kazami Yuuji.
Oslo: We'll tell you the time and the place, but don't you dare come and steal him from us... wink, wink. I feel a bit sorry for the poor oblivious guards... but we can't go leaving any evidence behind. Make sure to kill them all.
Oslo: Since the people upstairs know what's coming, I'm sure they won't put anyone they'd particularly miss on the job. Still, we should expect at least some resistance... Do make sure our team's capable of neutralizing them.
Travis: As of right now, I'm planning to deploy four armed agents.
Oslo: Their equipment?
Travis: E-class.
Oslo: That's not good enough. If you're sticking to E-class, then deploy at least eight agents. Ideally, I'd prefer four C-class with rifles, four E-class with pistols, and four backup agents.
Oslo: Overwhelming firepower and overwhelming numbers are the key to a quick, decisive battle. Let's grab the ball and run right into the end zone, shall we?
Travis: ...I honestly don't understand.
Oslo: Hmm? What's your point of confusion?
Travis: Why are you so preoccupied with Kazami Yuuji, sir?
Oslo: Oh, get a cluuuue...
Oslo: Heheh... that was my impression of your brother, Travis. Get a cluuuue... Pretty good, right?
Travis: ...I just don't understand. Why go this far to get your hands on a single former agent?
Oslo: I see. So you're saying there are more important things I should be worrying about? I must have forgotten making you my advisor. You've certainly come a long way from the days when you were running that pool bar, Travis...
Travis: I can't help wondering why Kazami Yuuji is so crucial, that's all. It's hard to imagine he could be worth one-third of an alternative nuclear weapon.
Oslo: Oh, Travis... you really don't understand a thing, do you...?
Oslo: An "alternative nuclear bomb" sounds imposing, but at the end of the day, it's just another WMD. And those are the kind of weapons that sit quietly in warehouses. Possessing them is meaningful, but using them most definitely isn't.
Oslo: At the end of the day, those nuclear tests a certain country periodically carries out are the equivalent of taking a piss a step away from the urinal. They just want to show everyone in the vicinity that they've got a "big one."
Oslo: Overly powerful weaponry has no commercial potential. 80% of the people who die in modern wars are killed by gunfire. Guns are always in demand; for those of us who trade in the means of murder, they're the ideal product.
Oslo: It's like I always say... Evil men start wars, but good men prolong them. If good men did nothing, wars would be over all too quickly...
Oslo: So you see, unless we can recover Kazami Yuuji, the only thing we'll really get out of this operation is the chance to conduct a nuclear-bomb "test."
Travis: Wouldn't that make for a very effective advertisement of its power?
Oslo: Didn't you hear what I said? Advertising an overly powerful weapon isn't going to earn us any money. We'll just make ourselves new enemies. And if we take things too far, America won't be able to stay quiet any longer.
Oslo: You do know the reason Adam can't play hardball with us right now, correct? Ultimately, it's America that's holding his leash. And we sell weapons to the enemies of America's enemies.
Oslo: The enemy of your enemy isn't always a "friend," but if there's someone out there keeping people like that armed, it suits America fine. The guns don't have their fingerprints on them, and it doesn't cost them a thing, you know?
Travis: Sounds pretty wonderful...
Oslo: Right? It's not just America, by the way. The same is true of Britain, Russia, France, and China... Quite a few countries are grateful we exist.
Travis: So... what exactly are you trying to accomplish with this operation, then?
Oslo: The same thing I've been trying to accomplish for a very long time...
Oslo: Since there's a limit to how powerful weapons can become, I'm going to strengthen the people who use them. Simple as that.
Oslo: I assume you know what kind of weapon is most popular in the battlefield, correct?
Travis: Ones that are cheap, powerful, available in large quantities, and incredibly durable... The Avtomat Kalashnikova '47 model is a constant top seller...
Oslo: Yes, exactly. Now then, what if there was a human equivalent? Soldiers who don't need training, never disobey orders, and can be obtained cheaply in large quantities?
Travis: The Designer Soldier Plan, eh...?
Oslo: Right. Originally, it was a project with the goal of producing unbeatable athletes in various sports, but the research proved very costly... So the team approached the military, and soon changed their objectives dramatically.
Oslo: At the time, they thought it was possible to completely reshape fully-grown human beings on a physical and mental level... But as the research progressed, it became clear that manipulation on the genetic level was highly desirable.
Oslo: What's more, the genetic design process required a certain artistic touch. You couldn't just push all the numbers to their maximum values and expect to produce perfection.
Oslo: Finding an appropriate physical balance is easy enough; all you need to do is define your objectives. The ultimate pro wrestler needs very different numbers than the ultimate competitive swimmer.
Oslo: If you want someone who's moderately capable in every field, there are going to be quite a few unfortunate tradeoffs, but that's just how things go.
Oslo: The key is not raising the numbers too dramatically. In fact, keeping them fairly ordinary makes for a better all-around result.
Oslo: However... it's proven much more difficult to produce a perfectly balanced mind. Not only are there countless potential problems, you can't just "fix" someone once they've suffered a psychological breakdown.
Oslo: Making someone like Kazami Yuuji, who reacts to trauma by toughening up the damaged parts of his psyche, is an exceptionally difficult challenge.
Oslo: You can try to wipe their memories and start over when you fail, but that just stunts the maturation process.
Oslo: We've been researching this since the days when I was still in the field, experimenting on my own men... It's been more than twenty years, and there's been no significant progress.
Travis: That's the reason you're so fixated on Kazami Yuuji?
Oslo: Well, I suppose so, yes. I've trained more soldiers than I can count, but not a single one has ever surpassed him.
Travis: We've already succeeded in replicating the man's physical capabilities.
Oslo: And as I just explained, that alone isn't nearly enough.
Oslo: No matter how physically potent we make them, who's going to buy a soldier that self-destructs within half a month? At the very least, we need a service life of two years.
Travis: True. In our experiments so far, we've produced over 1500 subjects that are Kazami Yuuji's equal on a physical level, but only a single one's managed to pass the endurance test.
Oslo: And that was nothing but a fluke. One lucky break doesn't constitute a product.
Oslo: And therefore, it's necessary that we once again attempt to duplicate Kazami Yuuji's entire genome. This time, we'll capture it perfectly - from the exons right down to the introns.
Travis: Is that even possible?
Oslo: We won't exactly know until we've tried. Still, this is something military researchers have been working on for more than seventy years, you know?
Oslo: Germany was supposedly where it all began. Amusingly enough, they were trying to create some form of "superhuman" - a living weapon, if you will.
Oslo: The records of their experiments suggest they had a few minor triumphs, but there were thousands of failures for each success. The program concluded without producing any definitive results.
Oslo: If you can't reliably manufacture something at a certain level of quality, it won't work as a product. But if you can't make something comparable, why not simply duplicate your one successful "prototype"?
Travis: ...A perfect copy of Kazami Yuuji, eh...?
Oslo: All of our failures so far stem from one assumption - that producing someone physically identical and putting them through identical experiences would produce an identical result.
Oslo: We focused too narrowly on replicating his hardware, while trying to handle the software ourselves. That was a mistake.
Travis: ...So now it's the "software"... In other words, you want to copy his personality and memories as well?
Oslo: Exactly. And the technology that will make that possible already exists: the mental-duplication process that produced the Thanatos System.
Oslo: On a fundamental level, the System is simply an advanced application of the computer's ability to "copy"... A half-organic "brain," produced by capturing a human being's thoughts and memories in the form of electrical signals.
Oslo: The currently active system is, in fact, a sort of "collective consciousness" containing multiple copies of a certain Kazami Kazuki's brain, all working in parallel.
Oslo: More than four years have passed since its first experimental activation. It's reasonable to say that the technology itself has been perfected.
Oslo: The Thanatos System successfully reproduced the brain, but not the body... And our researchers managed to reproduce the body, but not the brain...
Travis: ...So if we combine those two technologies...
Oslo: Exactly right. Once we regain the original Kazami Yuuji, we can recreate him from scratch. And if we're able to copy his mind using the technology we're about to obtain, it also opens up some intriguing new possibilities.
Oslo: There's no need to limit ourselves to military applications. The world's full of vile, stubborn old millionaires who haven't quite come to terms with their own mortality.
Travis: ...Is our main sponsor for this op one of them?
Oslo: Oh-hoh. Clever boy! That was your most perceptive remark of the day... Why don't I give you a nice award certificate later? Mommy can put it up on the fridge for you.
Travis: ...You're too kind.
Travis: However, that still leaves us with one major problem.
Oslo: Hm? What would that be?
Travis: The Thanatos System may be fully operational, but its original designer, Professor Gotou, died in an "accident" some time ago.
Oslo: Yes, I'm aware. I was the one trying to buy those documents off him, after all.
Travis: What good will it do us to get our hands on the Thanatos System if the man who developed it is gone...?
Oslo: When a certain counterfeit-loving nation gets its hands on new tech from the West, I understand they begin by disassembling it, filing down the back of the ROM to get a look at the circuits, and drawing up their own schematics.
Travis: You intend to tear the Thanatos System apart?
Oslo: It's got ten whole "brains" with identical architectures, you know? Breaking one or two won't be the end of the world. Once we get our hands on the actual system, it'll work out somehow. Our technicians aren't complete idiots.
Oslo: If that answers your questions, please get to work securing additional personnel and revising your plan for the capture of Kazami Yuuji.
Travis: I'll get started immediately.
Oslo: ...Ah, wait. While you're here...
Travis: Yes?
Oslo: No, never mind... Honestly, it isn't something I should ask of a busy man. You can go now.
Travis: In that case, please excuse me...
Narration: *As the door swung shut, Oslo sank back into his chair, its leather squeaking beneath him.*
Narration: *He'd wanted some coffee. And a little chocolate, too.*
Narration: *Retrieving a small case from his breast pocket, he opened it to find only one piece of chocolate left.*
Narration: *Once he ate this, he'd have to get someone to bring him more. And some coffee, as well.*
Narration: *But just as these thoughts ran through his mind, there was a knock at his door.*
Narration: *Two short raps, like someone about to enter a bathroom. Only one person knocked on that door this casually.*
Oslo: ...Come in.
“Yuuji”: ...I was thinking... you might want some coffee.
Oslo: Hmmm... how thoughtful of you, Yuuji. Did you bring me chocolate as well?
“Yuuji”: ...I hope the usual will do...?
Oslo: Yes, that's perfect. Well done, my boy... You know your father well.
Oslo: Hmm? Did you change your hair color back? That's a shame. It rather suited you.
“Yuuji”: .........
Oslo: Does being compared to your brother bother you that much, Yuuji...?
“Yuuji”: I don't have a brother... only a sister...
Oslo: Not to worry. I'll get her back as well, no matter what.
Oslo: All you have to do is put your fears aside and do exactly as I say.
Oslo: The new land I've promised you will be yours before long...
“Yuuji”: ...The door... to the new world...
Oslo: Yes. We'll be opening that door very, very soon...

Date: *August 5, 2012, 23:33 - "Ichigaya"*
Narration: *―The isonipecaine cocktail they'd administered with Kazami Yuuji's meal had apparently been effective. He was still lying quietly in his bed; there had been no movement on the observation room monitors for nearly four hours.*
Narration: *It almost looked like the man might have died from an overdose, but according to their infrared monitoring systems, his brain activity and body temperature were normal enough.*
Narration: *It wasn't uncommon for prisoners to feign death in order to escape their cells. Accordingly, they'd put certain countermeasures in place.*
Narration: *The walls, floor, and ceiling were padded to prevent any attempts at self-harm. The ceiling was too low to enable any hanging attempts. The bed was all but indestructible, and bolted securely to the floor.*
Narration: *There wasn't a handle on the inside of the door. Even the toilet was designed to fall apart if you tried to smash yourself against it. When they took measures this thorough, all you could really do was "play" dead.*
Narration: *Sometimes it felt a little absurd that they even bothered installing these security cameras on top of it all.*
Adam: ...Anything happening with Kazami Yuuji?
Guard: He hasn't moved in nearly four hours. Based on his brain activity, it looks like he's slipping in and out of sleep.
Narration: *An hour after he'd stepped out with a terse "I'll be back soon," Adam had finally returned.*
Narration: *His face showed signs of what looked like fatigue - something that hadn't been true when he left the room.*
Adam: ...What happened to his handcuffs? You're leaving them off?
Guard: It was kind of a pain to remove 'em every time he needed to use the toilet...
Adam: Don't let him use the toilet, then.
Guard: Well, I'm not the one who'd be escortin' a man covered in his own shit, so it's all the same to me.
Adam: This is the sort of man who starts doing pushups the moment you take off his restraints. We don't want him moving, understand? Increase the dosage of those sedatives.
Guard: I already did. Trust me, it's plenty. Right now, I'm not sure he could even stand up, let alone walk. He's lying still because he doesn't have any other choice.
Adam: Don't let your guard down... Kazami Yuuji is a monster. He was raised by terrorists, and he's got plenty of field experience. Apart from his physical capabilities, he's cunning and stubborn as hell... The man's a killing machine.
Guard: Did you know Kazami Yuuji back when he was in active service?
Adam: I didn't cross paths with him very often... But there was one time, back when we were bogged down in Honduras, when his platoon was deployed to reinforce the battalion I was commanding.
Adam: This platoon was the sort of unit that's assigned to the front lines in an advance, or the rearguard in a retreat... Expendables, in other words... But they had the noses of wolves, and the agility of monkeys.
Adam: Some people thought they were "bad luck," since things always took a turn for the worse when they showed up. They had it backward, though... That platoon showed up because things were about to get ugly.
Adam: And as part of this unit, Kazami Yuuji earned a reputation as a man who wouldn't die - no matter what. Even if his battalion abandoned him deep behind enemy lines, he always made it back alive.
Adam: You could throw him out there any way you wanted; he'd take out the enemy and come back in one piece. That's how he got the nickname "Boomerang"... Apart from his psychological instability, you couldn't have asked for a better pawn.
Guard: ...The man who wouldn't die, huh...?
Adam: At one point, when an operation went badly wrong, we had to carry out a large-scale retreat using that platoon as bait.
Adam: Our entire unit only numbered 62 people, and we'd been completely surrounded by more than 800 guerrillas... But by leaving them behind to distract the enemy, we managed to escape and rejoin the main force at battalion HQ. 
Adam: This was a two-week, 200-kilometer retreat through dense jungle. By the end, that platoon had been smashed to pieces. Kazami Yuuji was the only one who made it back.
Adam: Everyone was utterly exhausted, and all we could think about was how badly we wanted to go home... But instead of collapsing like the rest of us, the man started opening cans of food and shoveling their contents into his mouth.
Adam: It probably could have been pig slop, for all he cared. He was eating to keep himself alive... To him, it was just another "task" he had to perform.
Adam: Before he'd even swallowed the last bites of that "meal," he rose to his feet. And as the rest of us looked on, he gathered ammo for his rifle and started sharpening his knife.
Adam: When we asked what he was planning to do, he replied "I'm going to pick up my unit." We'd just fought our way out of hell, you know? Nobody else in that room had the willpower to stand... but he got up and marched back out there.
Adam: The best part is that 49 hours later, the bastard actually came back with his entire platoon in tow. Even the wounded.
Adam: ...To be honest, if we might be forced to hand this man over to the enemy, I'd rather execute him while we have the chance. Just thinking about trying to protect some US VIP from a sniper like him makes me sick to my stomach...
Guard: At the moment, he really just looks like some frail, unfriendly kid...
Adam: That facade is one of his weapons. You're looking at the man we used to call ET-01... the very top performer from Heath Oslo's initial "class" of experimentally-enhanced child soldiers.
Guard: Based on the numbers in our documents, he doesn't seem to be exceptionally remarkable in anything other than sniping...
Adam: But those measurements were only taken after Kazami Yuuji joined the military.
Adam: At the time of his rescue from Oslo's nest, we also recovered data on his results while under the influence of their doping regimen... And the numbers were very close to the limits of human performance.
Adam: He could run the 100-meter in 9.48 seconds, endure forces of 31.25g, survive for 19 days on nothing but water, and go 264 hours without sleep...
Adam: At rest, he managed to hold his breath for 15 minutes and 48 seconds. While moving, he lasted 6 minutes and 18 seconds.
Adam: He could survive 68 seconds of exposure to a vacuum. They lowered his body temperature to 13.7 degrees Celsius; his heart stopped beating at 24 degrees, but restarted on its own after they warmed him up...
Adam: He was able to maintain perfectly focused on repetitive manual labor for 12 hours and 18 minutes, and proved capable of memorizing 100 average-length novels.
Adam: They carried out a truly absurd number of experiments on the boy, and in virtually every case, his results were beyond all expectations.
Guard: The military doesn't consider artificially "enhanced" results when evaluating performance. Anyone with a reasonable tolerance for the drugs can put out impressive numbers that way.
Guard: And of course, younger people always show particularly dramatic improvements when subjected to doping...
Adam: Perhaps, but he's also the single most tenacious man I've ever met. Mental toughness is probably the single most important trait any soldier needs, and he's got it in spades... Trust me, his fortitude's truly remarkable.
Guard: I can't help thinking you're overestimating him somewhat...
Adam: Should Kazami Yuuji fall into the hands of our enemies, you'll come to understand what I'm telling you.
Adam: And if I'm not mistaken... you'll rue the day you ever laid eyes on this "kid."
Narration: *―Take a child who has nothing, a child who's only known torment; give him a goal, and the means to accomplish it. That was enough to create the perfect soldier.*
Narration: *Heath Oslo had taken in a boy with no apparent value. When he realized Kazami Yuuji's real potential, he'd no doubt clapped his hands with joy.*
Narration: *He'd found himself a loyal, single-minded "weapon."*
Narration: *What could be more charming than that?*
Narration: *―My eyes were spinning.*
Narration: *When I tried to open them, tears ran down my cheeks.*
Narration: *As the room spun wildly around me, I lay still and drew quick, shallow breaths.*
Narration: *If I tried to do anything else, I'd end up with my face in the toilet, vomiting stomach acid.*
Narration: *Hours slipped by before I knew it.*
Narration: *When my mind was relatively clear, I focused on exercising my eyeballs. When my thoughts grew muddled, I let myself doze off briefly.*
Narration: *And in those periods of light sleep, I dreamed of killing people.*
Narration: *The people I killed were often just thugs I passed in the street, not anyone I was deliberately targeting. But the reason I killed them was always the same.*
Narration: *They tried to harm me or threaten me for no good reason, and I responded with lethal force.*
Narration: *It was always the same.*
Narration: *I never once grew "angry" at the way they treated me. They were just in my way. That was all the reason I needed to gouge their eyes, snap their necks, and smash their heads open.*
Narration: *After I killed them, I would squat down next to their bodies and reach into their pockets, looking for some kind of identification. And that was when I'd realize that Asako was standing behind me.*
Narration: *She never got angry, and she never criticized me. She just looked down at me with sadness in her eyes.*
Narration: *The instant I noticed her, a shiver always ran down my spine.*
Narration: *All of a sudden, I'd be consumed with guilt and regret.*
Narration: *When I did something wrong, it wasn't my father who showed up to scold me.*
Narration: *It wasn't my mother, either. Or my sister.*
Narration: *I'd rather have been spotted by the police and thrown into jail than let Asako see me in this state.*
Yuuji: Uh... aaah... ah...
Narration: *As I wrapped my arms around my head and curled up in a ball, Asako would always speak to me.*
Asako: ...You messed up again, kid...
Yuuji: ...I'm sorry, Asako...
Asako: No point apologizing to me, is there...? Honestly, I thought you'd have gotten over this by now...
Yuuji: ...Sorry...
Asako: I didn't give you strength because I wanted you hurting people. How many times have we gone over this?
Asako: If you're just gonna cry and apologize for the rest of your life, you'll end up exactly like your mother. I thought I made you strong enough to protect miserable people like that... but maybe I screwed up?
Yuuji: ...I know... I know...
Asako: Well, knowing ain't good enough. You've gotta do a hell of a lot better than this.
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *There was nothing I could say to that.*
Narration: *Unable to stand, or even meet Asako's gaze, I would cast my eyes downward. But that left me staring at the pitiful corpse of my "enemy."*
Narration: *Maybe this was my real self. Maybe this was just my nature. I couldn't have argued otherwise.*
Narration: *Without Asako, I really was a lost cause.*
Narration: *But if I said as much, she'd tell me to stop being such a "spoiled brat."*
Narration: *Since I knew that, I had no choice but to struggle silently with myself.*
Narration: *Even someone like me could be better than this. I might be able to accomplish something; I might find my own way to help people.*
Narration: *Asako was the one who'd made me believe that.*
Asako: Don't push all the responsibility onto my shoulders, kid. You know you can manage without me by now, yeah?
Asako: I mean, I wasn't there to help you in America, but you got through your training in one piece. Am I right?
Yuuji: ...Yeah...
Narration: *I'm not sure exactly when I first started feeling some actual confidence in my own abilities.*
Narration: *It might have been in the early days of my first term, back when the caps we'd been issued still had flat brims.*
Narration: *(By the time we started our second term, pretty much everyone was curving the brims down sharply and "polishing" the insignia on the crown with steel wool to make themselves look more like veterans.)*
Narration: *For a while after I "enlisted," our training consisted entirely of classroom lectures and physical exercise. But just as I was starting to get sick of the routine, we began our marksmanship training - with live ammunition.*
Narration: *At first, there was always an instructor looking over our shoulder, quite literally "beating" the basics of rifle technique into us.*
Narration: *America does love its guns, but it isn't like everyone there has actually fired one. Many of the students were holding rifles for the first time, and some were discouraged to learn that hitting the targets was far from easy.*
Narration: *That wasn't an issue for me, but I had my own problems to deal with; for some reason, I always ended up training under the watchful eye of Captain Garrett herself. *
Narration: *Her bellowed criticisms of the way I handled my rifle were invariably accompanied by a sharp jab to the head from her "punishment bar."*
Narration: *Once I managed to correct the flaws in my form, she started finding fault with the "look in my eyes" instead.*
Narration: *Even with a helmet on, those blows would rattle my brain right through my skull. But just around the time I started wedging a towel in there for a bit of extra "cushioning," I remember Captain Garrett saying something unexpected.*
Captain Garrett: ...You really are good at sniping, kid. If nothing else.
Narration: *That day, Captain Garrett had thrown herself down into a folding canvas chair and spent a few minutes watching through a scope as my bullets struck their target. When she finally spoke, her tone of voice was surprisingly earnest.*
Narration: *To be honest, it was hard to accept that I was talented at this.*
Narration: *In Oslo's camp, everyone was expected to be at least this accurate...*
Narration: *And when I really started learning how to snipe in Yamanashi, Asako was my only standard of comparison, so I'd been convinced that I wasn't much good at all.*
Captain Garrett: This isn't the sort of thing I say very often... But I don't think you're smart enough to understand how valuable you are, so I'm going to grit my teeth and force myself to spell it out for you.
Captain Garrett: Your talent with a rifle is going to be one of the United States' greatest assets.
Captain Garrett: Since you don't have a family, you probably don't have the first idea what to do with that talent. Not to worry - I'll tell you.
Captain Garrett: Listen carefully, Kazami. To a Marine, the people of this country are all "family." Uncle Sam's your father... and your squadmates are your brothers. "Gung-ho" isn't just some nonsense word, all right? It means "we work together."
Captain Garrett: Make sure to remember that when you don't know what you're fighting for. Think of your friends, and think of your country. Fill that scrawny little heart of yours with patriotism, and your bullets will always find their mark!
Yuuji: .........
Captain Garrett: W-What!? Don't look at me like that! If you've got something to say, then say it!
Yuuji: ...It might be presumptuous of me to even state this opinion, and I hope you'll understand that I mean no disrespect... But America's greatest assets are its hot dogs and soda pop, Captain Garrett.
Captain Garrett: ...*Siiiigh*... You're confusing our "assets" with our liabilities, dumbass...
Captain Garrett: Listen to me, Kazami. You've got genuine talent. Your past doesn't matter right now, all right? No one gives a damn! But if there's something you can do, and you're not doing it... that makes you scum!
Captain Garrett: If you don't like that, then work your ass off! Once you crawl up out of that hole, you won't be a waste of oxygen any longer! Since you ended up in my squad, I'm going to make damn sure you don't stay "scum" forever!
Yuuji: ...Hope I get out of that hole before my skull's permanently deformed, Ma'am...
Captain Garrett: Care to repeat that!?
Yuuji: ...Whoops!
Narration: *My painful lesson for that day: "You might be right about a lot of things, but you just don't know when to stop talking, kid." Unfortunately, that's a problem that still plagues me even now.*
Narration: *When I became an "instructor" myself a few months later, the things I'd learned while being poked in the head did prove rather useful.*
Narration: *I wouldn't say Captain Garrett's methods were necessarily "wrong," but I tended to remember the pain she inflicted on me more vividly than the lectures she'd given. I decided to avoid the use of violence with my own "students."*
Narration: *My feedback was usually just "Hm, not bad. Keep it up." Instead of nagging them about every little thing, I gave advice only when it seemed genuinely necessary.*
Narration: *At some point, I started to realize that teaching people effectively was less about the methods you chose and more about your own abilities.*
Narration: *If you want to help someone learn a skill, you need to start by mastering it yourself so you can serve as an example. Simple enough, really.*
Narration: *Unsurprisingly, the other instructors weren't too pleased by my "lenient" approach, but they almost never said anything to my face.*
Narration: *A few years later, when I happened to run into one of my former pupils, I learned that my merciful methods had earned me some popularity with the trainees.*
Narration: *For one thing, they'd figured out that staying in eyeshot of me during their smoke breaks was a good way to prevent the other instructors from bullying them for no real reason.*
Narration: *I'd wondered why a crowd always seemed to gather in my vicinity when I sat around reading books in the lounge, but now it all made sense.*
Narration: *Teaching others can also be a way to get a better picture of yourself.*
Narration: *I think it was right about then that I started to develop some actual confidence in my skills.*
Narration: *On that mountain in Yamanashi, I'd dreamed of making myself useful somehow. Now it felt like I was actually making progress toward that goal.*
Narration: *But the moment when that vague "feeling" grew into something more concrete came later... a little after we were deployed into the field as part of our second term.*
Narration: *By this point, our useless group of thugs and dropouts wasn't quite as baby-faced as it used to be, and we were starting to feel something like pride in our work.*
Narration: *We'd been called "trash" or worse for most of our lives, but now we had an actual rank... something that came with privileges, like a beer with dinner every Saturday. (Danny almost always grabbed mine, since I didn't drink.)*
Narration: *Seeing corpses on the battlefield still made me nauseous, but I didn't feel particularly anxious about the possibility of my own death.*
Narration: *According to a military doctor by the name of Lieutenant J, this was "a common form of insanity among young people who have no family or property, and haven't lived long enough to accumulate many regrets."*
Narration: *It was fairly early in this period of my training when I realized that I had "changed."*
Narration: *At the time, my platoon was lodging in a small village a decent distance from our battalion's headquarters.*
Narration: *Not to say that we'd set up some fully-equipped barracks. We were basically sleeping in a crude hut in the woods. The beds were far from comfortable, and the mosquitoes never left us alone; some of us got nasty fevers as a result.*
Narration: *Whenever we were deployed, trucks would take us from HQ to the foot of a forested mountain; from there, we'd trudge our way to the village.*
Narration: *One day, Danny and I had been left behind at HQ for some reason I can't recall... And we ended up having to march the entire way to the village without the help of a transport truck.*
Narration: *As we trudged down a muddy road in the twilight, we came across an old lady and a child of four or five walking along hand-in-hand. They had probably just finished a day of work on their farm.*
Narration: *For no particular reason, I tipped my cap and wished the old lady a good night. With a smile, she replied "Keep your chin up, soldier."*
Narration: *In the next moment, an emotion I couldn't quite identify welled up in my chest.*
Narration: *A bit startled by this unfamiliar feeling, I walked along quietly at Danny's side for a time. He was the first to break the silence.*
Danny: ...Hey, Shorty. You're probably gonna think I've gone crazy or something, but...
Narration: *I expected Danny to follow this up with one of the idiotic dirty jokes he was constantly telling, so the next words out of his mouth caught me off guard.*
Danny: Right now, I think I'm willing to die for that old woman and that kid...
Narration: *Jerking my head up in surprise, I looked over at my friend. He bashfully averted his eyes from my gaze.*
Danny: ...Don't look at me like that... I dunno where that came from either, okay?
Danny: It's just, well... I might be a stupid thug, but maybe I can keep some old lady and her kid safe... Hell, maybe that's the one thing morons like us are even good for, you know?
Danny: Of course, it's not like those two have anything to do with me, right? Honestly, the guy I used to be probably wouldn't give a damn if they both died in a ditch somewhere...
Danny: But if I think of them as MY grandma, or MY little sister, well... I think I could fight like hell to protect them.
Danny: And if I fight to the death for some old lady and kid I don't even know... maybe somebody like me will do the same for my grandma and my sister... Ah, shit... I don't even know how to explain it...
Yuuji: I think I understand what you're getting at, actually.
Danny: Wait, seriously!? You know what I'm talkin' about!? Damn! We're on the same wavelength, man!
Narration: *Of course I knew what he meant. I'd been thinking the exact same thing myself.*
Narration: *There were people who loved that old woman and that kid as much as I loved Asako; so if I had to die fighting for them, I probably wouldn't regret it.*
Narration: *Those thoughts had slipped into my mind so easily that it had startled me a little.*
Narration: *It almost felt like the final piece of some puzzle had snapped into place inside me.*
Narration: *I wasn't naive enough to think that I'd be "rewarded" in the end; I knew the world wasn't that simple. But if I told myself this was the reason I was born - to help people, in any way I could - it felt like a satisfying answer.*
Narration: *Not too long ago, the very idea would have been incomprehensible to me. I'd avoided anything troublesome, assuming the world would change itself to suit me if I ran away from my problems.*
Narration: *The more I thought about that, the more ridiculous it all seemed.*
Yuuji: ...Heheh...
Danny: Hey, c'mon, don't laugh! I'm bein' serious here, okay? Shit. Knew I shouldn'ta said anything...
Yuuji: I'm laughing at myself, not you. I was thinking the exact same thing, actually...
Danny: Huh...?
Yuuji: Pretty hilarious, right? I mean, think about it. It's like... "what the hell happened to me?"
Danny: Hahaha! Yeah, no kidding! What the hell happened to me, man!? Hahahahaha!!!
Yuuji: Hey, Danny... the military's a pretty good place, isn't it...?
Narration: *I meant that from the bottom of my heart.*
Narration: *We were pieces of trash that society had rejected, and the "military" was the dump where we'd been discarded.*
Narration: *We'd spent most of our time there getting our asses kicked. But in exchange, we'd started to feel like the things we did had actual meaning; we'd started to feel like we were actually useful.*
Narration: *If we'd attended normal schools and become normal members of society, maybe that would have happened much earlier.*
Narration: *We'd never had the chance to learn the lessons most people take for granted. But in this moment, we'd finally managed to figure out the sort of people we wanted to be.*
Danny: Hell yeah! The military ain't half bad! Especially the free booze and smokes!
Yuuji: That's not really what I meant...
Danny: Too bad they don't hand out free women too! Am I right!?
Yuuji: ...Well, whatever... Just be careful about playing around with the local girls, all right? Lieutenant J's got some real horror stories about pus-filled sores...
Danny: That reminds me, Shorty... I hear things get even better if you're an officer. They start bringin' out special girls for you, and you can drink and smoke in your quarters whenever you want...
Yuuji: That's not all. The big shots get a room to themselves and an orderly to look after them. They don't have to do their own laundry or fetch their own meals.
Danny: Damn, that's the life of a king! Maybe I'll try becomin' an officer myself, eh?
Yuuji: We didn't go to a training school, so NCO's probably as high as we can go. And either way, I hear it's pretty damn tough to climb that ladder.
Danny: C'mon, don't crush my dreams right off the bat... I was feelin' all motivated, too.
Yuuji: Well, there are ways... but it's not going to be easy.
Narration: *If you got yourself shipped off to Japan with a two-rank "promotion," finished up your term of service there, then headed back to the States, you'd automatically become an officer. That was how it had worked out for Asako, at least.*
Danny: Huh? You gotta give me the details!
Yuuji: Hmm, all right. Make it to NCO and I'll tell you what I know.
Danny: What the hell, man!? Don't just leave me hanging!
Narration: *Even without Asako around, I found something like a "purpose" in the military.*
Narration: *After her death, I'd been clinging to the words she left me - and the emotions I felt in those final moments.*
Narration: *Still, it was hard to say how long these things would protect me.*
Narration: *If they handed me over to Oslo, I'd probably be drugged, brainwashed, and turned back into the killing machine I used to be.*
Narration: *I would have preferred death to that.*
Narration: *I was tired of asking myself if I'd been born to hurt people. I never wanted to feel that way again.*
Narration: *But right now, there wasn't much I could do.*
Narration: *I had to wait for my chance.*
Narration: *I was used to waiting patiently, but that didn't make this any less agonizing.*
Narration: *It felt as if some shadowy, horrible thing was pursuing me. That was a feeling I knew well by now.*
Narration: *It probably wasn't going to go away until the day I finally faced off against Oslo.*
Narration: *Whether I won or lost wasn't relevant. I had to stand and fight; that was the price I had to pay.*
Asako: ...You reach a conclusion yet...?
Yuuji: What are you talking about...?
Asako: I'm asking if you've decided to fight for yourself... to settle the score, so you can live your life the way you want to...
Yuuji: Fight for myself, huh...? I'm still not really sure what that means...
Yuuji: And as for settling the score... Right now, I can't even stand up on my own. I don't have much choice but to sit around waiting...
Asako: Calm down. No point getting all impatient.
Asako: Look, kid... are you trying to solve everything all by yourself again? You really need to rely on other people every once in a while... as in, people that aren't dead.
Asako: You've got friends now, don't you?
Yuuji: ...Friends, huh...?
Asako: Why don't ya try putting a little faith in them?
Yuuji: The more I expect of people, the more I'm disappointed... That's the story of my life...
Asako: Okay, stop. No. This? Not good. Bad habit.
Yuuji: What's with the sentence fragments...?
Asako: If they let you down, they let you down. Don't worry about that until it happens. I mean, you don't wanna trust anyone because they MIGHT betray you? What are you, a bullied child?
Yuuji: Well... I kind of was, actually...
Asako: Oh, right. I guess you were... Damn, what now...? Ugh, Christ, forget it. Just turn off your brain and trust them, all right? Not like it's any big loss. You're a moron anyway.
Yuuji: ...You never change, do you...? I don't know where you get off calling ME a moron...
Asako: If you were smart, you sure as hell wouldn't have ended up in the Marines, dumbass.
Yuuji: ...True enough.
Asako: When there ain't any other options, ya gotta have faith, right? Maybe it won't work out, but let's cross that bridge when we come to it. You're a man, dammit. Quit worrying about how things might play out way down the line!
Yuuji: ...You know, isn't this the second time we've had this conversation?
Asako: Huh? Is it?
Yuuji: Yeah. You lectured me about the same thing last time you popped up in my dreams.
Asako: Aah, yeah... I must've forgot about that...
Yuuji: You don't have to worry, Asako... I'm going to be all right...
Yuuji: And anyway... you're basically just a character in a dream, telling me the things I want to hear... Since I understand that, I don't really need you anymore...
Yuuji: You've done more than enough... Thanks, Asako...
Asako: Oh yeah...? Kinda makes me sad to hear that, honestly...
Yuuji: It's all right... We'll meet again someday, right...?
Asako: Hmm... well, okay then... Guess I'll head back to Yasukuni for now...
Yuuji: When the time comes... I'll see you there.
Asako: You don't have to hurry, all right...? I'm not goin' anywhere...
Yuuji: Yeah... I think I'll keep struggling for a while...
Narration: *In the next moment, my mind rose up from the muddy depths of that dream, and my eyes blinked open.*
Narration: *―Believe in your friends and bide your time.*
Narration: *How much faith could I really put in a plan like that...?*
Narration: *I tried my best, but this "believing" thing seemed to require more energy than I'd expected. Before I knew it, my eyelids were drooping once more; and with no real reason to resist, I yielded to my urge for sleep.*
Narration: *"Wonder what time it is...?"*
Narration: *As I lay there, alone in my cell, that was the most coherent thought I could manage. In that moment, I didn't even have the energy to wonder what Chizuru, JB, or my former classmates were up to.*

Date: *August 5, 2012, 23:48 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *It was very nearly midnight, and Tachibana Chizuru had spent the entire day flying around the country.*
Narration: *It had grieved her to see her school shut down as a result of the Sakaki family's circumstances. In an attempt to find a site for a new campus for her displaced students, she'd visited Gunma, Fukuoka, Okayama, Niigata, and Hyogo.*
Narration: *She'd searched high and low, leaning heavily on her personal and professional connections, but hadn't found anything that seemed particularly promising.*
Narration: *She'd even left the mainland to visit Asahikawa in Hokkaido, where a plot of farm land was available... but there were issues with the site, and the sellers hadn't been willing to compromise. All her efforts had been in vain.*
Narration: *Chizuru had pursued her career as an educator against her father's objections; she couldn't exactly run home crying for help at this point.*
Narration: *She was, to be frank, in a real bind. But right now, she was too fatigued to feel ashamed of the "reckless" choices she'd made. By the time she made it back to Shinbashi, it was all she could do to keep dragging her bag along.*
Narration: *When you've exhausted your mental fortitude, a bag holding your change of clothes can feel heavier than a sack of concrete.*
Narration: *This was no good. She needed some way to comfort herself and lift her spirits.*
Narration: *As a single woman, Chizuru had gotten pretty used to "rewarding" herself for her own efforts...*
Narration: *And while it irked her a little to see herself adapting to solitude, she didn't have any better options at present. A drink at a nice, quiet bar should do the trick.*
Narration: *"All right then. Are there any places around here where a single woman can walk in alone without standing out too much...?"*
Narration: *As the words "single woman" ran through her mind, Chizuru found herself picturing a certain face.*
Narration: *Naturally enough, it was that of Harudera Yuria.*
Narration: *Continuing this process of free association, she thought of the yakitori place they'd visited together a little while ago.*
Narration: *Fortunately, she was wearing a suit today, so she'd probably be spared the indignity of getting carded at the door. And this would be her second visit, so the staff might even recognize her.*
Chizuru: All right then. Let's try that place.
Chizuru: Chicken's good stuff, right? Nothing's tastier, if you ask me! Honestly, I don't know who cows think they are. They're not even THAT good, but they're ridiculously expensive...
Narration: *Speaking to no one in particular, Chizuru dissed all of bovinedom for reasons that seemed remarkably arbitrary.*
Narration: *When it came to meat, she'd always preferred chicken to pork, and pork to beef.*
Chizuru: It's chicken time...♪　Chicken tiiime...♪  We're gonna have fun tonight...♪
Narration: *She was forcing herself.*
Narration: *Anyone within earshot of her mumbly "song" would probably have realized that much. In combination with her slow gait, her slumped shoulders, and the way she was dragging her bag, it made for a truly pitiful spectacle.*
Chizuru: Hey, Chief! Are you still at it?
Chief: Hey there! You bet. We're open 'til four!
Mystery Waitress: Hi, I'll be serving you tonight... Have you decided on your order...?
Chizuru: Oh... uhm, for now I'd like a beer, the four-variety kushimori platter, an order of the fluffy eggs, and some pickled vegetables...
Mystery Waitress: Sure thing... let me repeat that. One draft beer, a four-variety kushimori platter, fluffy eggs, and an order of pickled vegetables. Is that correct...?
Chizuru: That's perfect, thanks.
Narration: *First of all, the waitress brought out a small plate of boiled daikon slices as an appetizer; soon enough, it was followed by her draft beer and the vegetables.*
Narration: *Nibbling at her pleasantly cool pickles, Chizuru periodically paused to savor a still-warm slice of boiled radish. Sometimes, "starters" like these could reveal a great deal about a restaurant.*
Narration: *This contrast between coldness and warmth was clearly meant to evoke the fickleness of the human heart. Nodding at her own "wisdom," Chizuru proceeded to guzzle down half of her ice-cold beer.*
Chizuru: Mwhaah! So good!
Narration: *For this brief moment, she could put aside her anger and quiet her anxieties. Alcohol filled her mind with kinder thoughts of peace and harmony.*
Narration: *Of course, it also tended to make her a bit lonely and sentimental, so she'd been known to drunkenly call up old classmates and such... which usually resulted in her talking their ear off for hours, much to their chagrin.*
Narration: *However, she was now an educator, and that meant she had to set an example. She wasn't about to make a fool of herself if there was any chance a student might catch wind of it.*
Narration: *Accordingly, she'd resolved to drink alone tonight, rather than making a nuisance of herself. Like anyone her age, she'd learned how to have a few beers without behaving badly.*
Narration: *If she got too comfortable with this kind of solitude, she was going to feel like a bit of a hypocrite advising Sakaki Yumiko to be less "socially isolated." But surely she deserved a little time to herself every once in a while.*
Narration: *Her mouth now thoroughly covered in foam, Chizuru gulped down another big swig of beer. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted her waitress approaching with a tray.*
Narration: *Was it the eggs? The skewers? For a moment, Chizuru's heart fluttered with anticipation... but to her surprise, the waitress had brought her a smart phone instead.*
Mystery Waitress: ...Tachibana Chizuru-sama, you have a phone call...
Chizuru: Hweh? Wait, for me? From who?
Mystery Waitress: A person by the name of "Thanatos the Creator."
Chizuru: ...Who on earth is that?
Mystery Waitress: ...Who knows?
Chizuru: Excuse me...?
Narration: *This was fishy. This was, in fact, remarkably fishy.*
Narration: *If someone wanted to speak with her, why didn't they just call her cell phone directly?*
Narration: *More importantly, no one even knew Tachibana Chizuru was here. How had they known to call the restaurant?*
Narration: *And really... "Thanatos"...? Who was that supposed to be?*
Narration: *...A corporation, perhaps? As in... "Thanatos Manufacturing LLC," or something...?*
Narration: *Chizuru tried her best to recall all the businesses and companies she'd negotiated with over the last few days, but she felt quite sure none of them operated under that particular name.*
Narration: *It was all so peculiar that she half-suspected her students from Mihama were playing some sort of elaborate prank on her. It certainly wouldn't have been the first time.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, she'd been focusing almost entirely on the school itself. Feeling a bit guilty about neglecting her pupils under the pretense of "encouraging their independence," Chizuru reached out and picked up the phone.*
Chizuru: ...Hello? Tachibana speaking...
Thanatos: "Hello there. This is Thanatos."
Narration: *Okay, really now. Who was "Thanatos" supposed to be?*
Narration: *No matter how many times she thought it over, the name wasn't ringing any bells. And this voice didn't seem familiar either.*
Chizuru: ...Errr... I apologize, but could you remind me who you are...? 
Thanatos: "To be honest, this is the first time we've spoken."
Chizuru: Aah... right... uhm, do you need something from me? Also, how did you even know I was here?
Thanatos: "I do beg your pardon, but I located you by tracking the relay transmitter in your mobile phone."
Chizuru: ...Errr... who are you, exactly...?
Thanatos: "For the moment, I'm afraid I can only refer to myself as Thanatos. Feel free to consider me an anonymous well-wisher of yours."
Chizuru: Uhhhh... okaaay... I have to say, this sounds remarkably fishy...
Thanatos: "I'm sure it does. And on that note, let's move on to something even fishier."
Thanatos: "Tachibana Chizuru-san, the reason I've placed this call is to offer you a potential site for the construction of a new Mihama Academy campus."
Chizuru: A new Mihama campus...?
Thanatos: "Are you interested?"
Chizuru: Well, uh... yes, of course...
Thanatos: "Oh, don't worry. I'm not asking you to make a decision immediately, of course. For starters, why not take a look around the site for yourself?"
Chizuru: You want me... to look around the location?
Thanatos: "At eight in the evening today, we'll be bringing the concerned parties to the proposed campus site for a tour of inspection. By all means, please do come along."
Chizuru: Uh, okay. None of this makes much sense to me, and it's so fishy that I'm not sure I want to bother pointing out why... But essentially, you're saying that you want to donate an idle plot of land to be used by Mihama Academy...?
Thanatos: "That's exactly right. For now, I encourage you to see the site in person. We will arrange for your transportation there, and a modest dinner will be provided. There are no strings attached, so I do hope you'll participate."
Chizuru: I hate to repeat myself, but this really does sound incredibly fishy...
Thanatos: "Ah. 'There's no such thing as a free lunch'... and 'don't trust anyone who offers you a sure thing,' is it? I see you've taken the advice in your father's book to heart."
Chizuru: ...You read it?
Thanatos: "Yes. Just now."
Chizuru: ...Hweh?
Thanatos: "However, your father also writes that 'successful people don't let their opportunities pass them by.'"
Thanatos: "I don't want to suggest that this is your 'big break,' but... since you don't have much to lose, why not roll the dice?"
Chizuru: Uhhh...
Narration: *There were only two plausible possibilities here.*
Narration: *First of all, someone might be trying to kidnap her for financial profit, or to coerce her father into misusing his authority.*
Narration: *Secondly, this gift-wrapped offer of a "new campus" might be a plan her father himself had dreamed up - out of an excess of parental affection.*
Narration: *Either way, she'd be imposing a burden on him.*
Chizuru: I'm sorry, this really is too bizarre for me...
Thanatos: "Is that so? What a pity."
Thanatos: "Please keep the cell phone you're currently holding. A bit later, I'll send it further details regarding the inspection tour. Should you change your mind after seeing them, please do join us."
Chizuru: Uh... what? You're giving me this phone?
Thanatos: "Feel free to discard it if that disturbs you."
Thanatos: "That will be all. Thanatos out."
Chizuru: Er... huh? Wait! I... Huh?
Chizuru: ...Whaaaaat...?
Narration: *"What on earth is going on?"*
Narration: *In the sudden silence, that simple question weighed heavily on Chizuru's mind.*
Narration: *And at the same time this was happening... everyone's favorite shaggy-headed Ichigaya officer, who'd been lounging around in her luxurious "cell" for lack of anything better to do, was about to experience something very similar.*
JB: Aah... this is so dull... How many years has it been since I was this bored...?
Narration: *In retrospect, JB had spent the last few years of her life doing nothing but working.*
Narration: *She'd skipped meals and sacrificed sleep, laboring day and night for the benefit of her powerful benefactor - in other words, this country. And at some point, that had started to seem "natural."*
Narration: *But now that she suddenly had nothing but time on her hands, she didn't know what to do with it... apart from watching boring TV shows and eating nachos with salsa. It was astonishing, really.*
JB: ...I had a thousand things I wanted to do if I ever found a little free time... But now that I've actually got some, I don't even know where to begin... so I'm doing nothing at all...
Narration: *JB had fought long and hard to earn her position as a Section Chief in CIRS. But over the last few days, she'd taken a painful look in the mirror - and realized that, without her work, she was basically an empty shell of a person.*
Narration: *Back when she was attending college on the government's dime, she'd actually considered herself an outgoing person. She'd played tennis, gone on ski trips, and regularly visited tropical islands on her summer vacations.*
Narration: *Of course, outdoor activities were out of the question at the moment. But at the very least, she was free to work through the books she'd been "wanting to read," or to catch up on those movies she'd never gotten to see.*
Narration: *And yet... now that she had nothing but free time, she couldn't motivate herself to do anything in particular. There had to be something wrong with her.*
Narration: *She was probably destined to be one of those people who grind themselves down to nothing, then keel over dead from a heart attack.*
JB: ...Maybe... I should just quit my job...
Narration: *It was easy enough to say that, but JB knew it wasn't going to happen.*
Narration: *First of all, the "company" would never allow it. And even if they did, what would she do with herself afterward...?*
Narration: *It would be one thing if she had some clear objective, but quitting just because she was "sick of her job" seemed profoundly irresponsible.*
Narration: *Lying sprawled out on the sofa, she stared blankly at her TV's glowing screen. At present, it was displaying soothing footage of some generic tropical paradise.*
Narration: *The images reminded her of the beautiful beaches of Cuba, a place she'd once visited in the course of her duties.*
JB: A tropical island, huh...? Sounds nice...
Narration: *She had to admit... the idea of lying on a gorgeous beach in a swimsuit, leisurely wondering what to do with the rest of the day, did seem rather appealing to her.*
Narration: *As she watched the footage with half-focused eyes, a bar of text suddenly popped up at the bottom of the screen and began to scroll sideways.*
Narration: *"Hello, this is Thanatos. Are you doing well?"*
Narration: *"Apologies for interrupting your regularly scheduled programming, but I have important news to share."*
Narration: *"Presently, the Mihama Women's Corps are carrying out a special 'Rescue KY' campaign to rave reviews."*
Narration: *"Currently procuring a luxury liner to be used as a getaway vehicle. Preparations are proceeding smoothly."*
Narration: *"Ship was received from the Myanmar Ministry of Transport in Yangon. Will proceed into the Strait of Malacca, past the South China Sea and the Bashi Channel, and finally through the Miyako Strait, before sneaking into Tokyo Bay."*
Narration: *"Accordingly, I'm contacting you through this program's broadcast signal in order to request your assistance with a certain aspect of the plan."*
Narration: *"Once the campaign is fully underway, I will be in touch with further details. Your cooperation is appreciated."*
JB: ...Hmm?
Narration: *Although she'd reflexively followed the scrolling text with her eyes, it took a full minute for JB to actually process the meaning of what she'd just read.*
JB: ...Huh? What? Wait, what the...?
Narration: *And when it finally hit her, a half-eaten nacho tumbled out of her gaping mouth.*
Narration: *Naturally, JB knew the name "Thanatos."*
Narration: *She knew it referred to the "professor" in the basement.*
Narration: *And she also knew that this "Thanatos" was directly responsible for the orders that had led to her present confinement... Had all of that somehow been part of this plan...?*
JB: ...Hold on... what on earth is she planning to do...?
Narration: *All of a sudden, JB's mind was filled with confusion and doubt.*
Narration: *There was no answer forthcoming; and the night wore steadily on, enveloping the fears and hopes of many in unfathomable darkness.*

Date: *August 6, 2012, 06:30 - Houseboat*
Narration: *At long last, the day of the decisive battle had dawned. The time was 6:30 AM.*
Narration: *Rather abruptly, a crackly tape-cassette recording of the national anthem of Japan began to play over the speakers mounted inside the houseboat.*
Michiru: ...Nwoh!?
Narration: *After a night of deep, indulgent sleep, Michiru woke with a start at the pathos-laden music that now filled the air. *
Narration: *When she peered out the window through half-opened eyes, she saw Makina standing at attention with her fists pressed to her thighs, looking up at a Japanese flag that was flying from the prow of the boat next to a big-catch banner.*
Narration: *Sachi was standing some distance behind her by a long table with a white tablecloth. It held small cups of water; she'd apparently set up a traditional "departure for battle" ceremony.*
Narration: *Of course. Today was the day, wasn't it...?  They were finally going to carry out the "operation."*
Narration: *Still rather dazed, Michiru looked around her, trying to help her sluggish mind make sense of things. Her eyes found Yumiko, already sitting in front of her PC and carefully monitoring every new development.*
Narration: *Judging from the smell of miso soup wafting gently through the air, Amane was probably further in the back making breakfast.*
Narration: *Last night, Michiru had seen her desanding some shijimi clams Sachi had harvested, so those would probably be on the menu this morning.*
Narration: *"Ah, man... guess I'm the last one up again..."*
Narration: *Sitting up in her cot with her sleeping bag still wrapped around her, Michiru gazed drowsily at her friends for a moment, then reluctantly began to emerge from her cocoon.*
Makina: Mornin', Chiruchiru. You finally awake?
Michiru: Uhh... yeah. Morning...
Makina: It's the mornin' of our big battle, ya know? Get it together, girl. Why don't ya go wash yer face?
Michiru: Nwah...
Amane: Okaaay! Breakfast's ready, everyone! Help me carry it over!
Narration: *As she transferred the freshly-cooked rice from their iron pot to a serving container, Amane called out loudly to the others.*
Narration: *Responding with alacrity, Makina and Sachi proceeded to carry the main dish, sides, and miso soup to the boat's dining table.*
Narration: *As they worked, Yumiko was filling everyone's individual bowls with rice from the serving container.*
Narration: *And once Michiru returned from washing her face, she headed over to the kitchen area to help Amane rinse and clean the things she'd used while cooking.*
Narration: *They'd only been living on this boat together for a little while, but without even realizing it, they'd divided up these daily tasks between them.*
Narration: *Eventually, once everyone had gathered around the table, a cheerful "Shall we eat?" from Sachi marked the beginning of the meal.*
Narration: *It wasn't like they bought into Amane's stance on "raising your blood sugar level slowly," but for some reason, everyone started by reaching for the salad. As they began to eat, Yumiko looked around and cleared her throat.*
Yumiko: ...While we eat, let's briefly review everyone's upcoming tasks.
Yumiko: First of all... Irisu-san. Do you have your chart?
Makina: Nwoh? You mean that one ya printed out earlier, Yumi-chan? Sure, I got it right here.
Makina: ...Uhhhm... I'm commencin' activities as of 0800 hours... After loadin' my snipin' gear into my bicycle trailer, I make my way to th' site...
Makina: After arrivin' at the Witz Marlton hotel, which I'll be usin' as my nest, I'm supposed ta bring in my gear and get it all set up...
Makina: After that, I detach the trailer and ride my bike over to the points I'll be shootin' at. Once I've gotten a good look at th' immediate and surroundin' areas, I'll make any necessary preparations...
Makina: Finally, I get back to th' hotel by 1700 hours, where I await further instructions. That sound right?
Yumiko: Exactly. I've already reserved a 51st floor hotel room online, by the way. It's in your mother's name.
Makina: Why'd you use my mom's name!?
Yumiko: I thought we might as well force the woman to clean up our mess for us.
Yumiko: I mean, your mother's quite sensitive to scandals of any sort. Even if we leave evidence behind at the scene, I imagine she'll have it all covered up rather than let the name "Irisu" be publicized in connection with our actions.
Yumiko: Also, I'm sure various government agencies will have all sorts of inquiries to perform, as well as demands for compensation to issue. Why not dump all that on her shoulders?
Makina: Damn! Not bad, Yumi-chan! Yer as devious an' cruel as they come, aren'tcha!? This is gonna be great!
Yumiko: ...I'm not sure I like being called "devious," but... let's just move on...
Yumiko: Next up... Komine-san.
Sachi: Yes?
Yumiko: Since you'll be leading our raid, I want you to begin by looking over your gear and supplementing anything you're missing. If the sheer quantity becomes unmanagable, I'd suggest implementing "Project Chipmunk" to mitigate the load.
Sachi: ...Certainly. I'll drop by the hardware store later to purchase the necessary containers and tools.
Yumiko: After that, head for the site and familiarize yourself with it. It's possible events may take an unanticipated turn; stand by at your designated point until 1800 hours, but be ready to cope with any sudden changes to the plan.
Sachi: Roger, ma'am.
Yumiko: Suou-san and Matsushima-san, I'd like you to begin by picking up the escape vehicle that Thanatos prepared for us. You have its location, correct?
Amane: Yep. It's in the parking garage of that shopping center in Itabashi... Fifth floor, spot 12. I already looked up the place on my map.
Michiru: ...Hey, uh... Do I really have to ride with her? No matter what?
Michiru: I'm seriously traumatized at this point. Just thinking about getting in the car makes my knees tremble, and my body starts pumping out this nasty cold sweat...
Amane: Oh c'mon, it'll be fine. I drove nice and careful the other day, remember? You're a lot safer with me than some old lady who drives in the slow lane with her mirrors folded in.
Yumiko: More importantly, Matsushima-san... Thanatos issued a falsified form to procure "Kazami Yuuji's personal equipment," and it's your job to receive it from the "three-digit operative" who's going to drop it off.
Michiru: Couldn't somebody else do that?
Yumiko: Not really. For some reason, things seem to go more smoothly when we let you handle face-to-face deals and transactions of this sort...
Yumiko: I suppose it's the fact that you have the face of an imbecile, and tend to make a fool of yourself in the first ten seconds of any given conversation? People probably can't help letting down their guard.
Michiru: Do you have to be so MEAN about it!?
Yumiko: In any case... once the two of you have the getaway vehicle and Kazami-kun's equipment, you'll meet up and head for the designated point, where you'll stand by until 1800 hours.
Michiru: Uuugh... fine, fine...
Yumiko: Of course, most of the details are already spelled out on your charts. Just follow the instructions and everything should go smoothly.
Sachi: ...And what about you, little miss loner?
Yumiko: Don't call me that!
Yumiko: ...I will be remaining in this boat and overseeing the operation as your commander.
Yumiko: Through the Thanatos System, I should be able to monitor the situation in real-time. As events unfold, I'll issue specific orders to each of you. Make sure to have your Thanatos-Phones powered on and by your side at all times.
Yumiko: Should you lose contact with me, please be aware that there's no point trying to return to this location.
Yumiko: At 1800 hours, as the operation itself begins, this boat will be heading elsewhere. Neither it nor myself will be here after that time.
Amane: Wait, who's gonna be steering the ship...?
Yumiko: Thanatos will be taking care of that. We have a satellite navigation system for a reason, you know?
Yumiko: I'll be issuing orders from this ship while on the move, then stand by at my own designated point. Once Kazami-kun has been rescued, we'll link up at my location, and then make an immediate naval getaway.
Amane: Okay, got it. Everyone knows what they need to do, right?
Michiru: Yeaaah. Yeaaah. Yeeees.
Makina: Oh, Ama-nee, can ya give me seconds on that rice? Another half-bowl, maybe?
Amane: Sure thing. How's this?
Makina: Nice, thanks!
Sachi: We've got some young sardines too, Maki-chan. See?
Michiru: Ooh! Sweet! I want some of those too! Can I have a little more rice? Oh, an' another raw egg!
Yumiko: ...Do you people really understand...?
Amane: How about you, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: Huh?
Amane: I'm asking if you want more rice. It tastes really friggin' good with those little sardines, y'know?
Yumiko: ...Of course. Thank you...
Makina: Whoops-daisy. Is that Thanatos callin'?
Thanatos: "Good morning, everyone. Thanatos speaking."
Makina: Mornin', Charlie!
Thanatos: "Who are you calling Charlie...?"
Makina: Huh? Is it "Jim" instead? Ol' man Welps?
Thanatos: "I think Phelps was the name you were looking for there... not that it matters..."
Thanatos: "I do apologize for interrupting your peaceful little breakfast, but I'm afraid Sakaki Yumiko has forgotten something rather important."
Yumiko: Huh? Ah... oh, right...
Thanatos: "For nearly this entire operation, you will be in different places performing different tasks. As a result, you'll be communicating through your phones. I'd like you to choose call signs for the purpose of those transmissions."
Michiru: Call signs...?
Thanatos: "It's essentially a code name that you use only in specific contexts."
Amane: But the Thanatos-Phone can't be tapped or anything, right?
Thanatos: "That's correct. However, using a phone generally requires you to speak out loud. There's a chance someone might overhear you; and if your voices are picked up on a microphone of any sort, they'll reach our enemies."
Thanatos: "Accordingly, as of 0800 hours today and for the duration of this operation, I'd like you to refer to each other using pseudonyms of some kind."
Makina: Oh-hoh... a call sign, eh? We talkin' somethin' like "Maverick" or "Goose"?
Thanatos: "There are no special rules involved, but try to avoid names that could be easily confused with phonetic code words."
Thanatos: "I'd advise choosing names that make it easy for others to identify you. If they're too bizarre, it could get hard to remember who they refer to."
Makina: Hrrrm... we wanna go with obvious names, huh...? Guess that makes Chiruchiru "Dumbass Tsundere."
Michiru: Heeeey! What the heck!? That's way too long and awkward! Also, I'm not a dumbass!!
Makina: Okay then, we can shorten it to... Dumbdere...? Nah, I know! Let's just cut it down to DT!
Michiru: Well, if I'm "DT," then... you're Chipmunk-face! 'Cause you've got a round face! Like a chipmunk!
Makina: Guh... Chipmunk-face, huh...? Well, all right... I guess ya got a point. I'll bear that shameful name, if I must...
Sachi: In that case, I suppose I will be "Shitty Maid"...
Makina: Whoa! Yer beatin' up on yourself, Sacchin!?
Sachi: The way of the maid is a journey of constant self-improvement... No matter how many years pass, I shall always be a callow amateur. I wish only to remind myself of this fact...
Makina: Well, if yer okay with it, then whatever...
Amane: How about me?
Makina: You can just be "Slut," Ama-nee. I mean, that pretty much sums you up, right? Should work perfectly.
Yumiko: ...Hold on a moment. At this rate, I'm going to be...
Makina: "Loner"!
Yumiko: ...I knew it... You people are nauseatingly predictable...
Michiru: I dunno, guys... "slut" and "loner" are kinda generic words. We might forget they're supposed to be code names...
Sachi: In that case, how about "Turbo-Slut" and "Eternal Loner"?
Yumiko: Please, no! Leave out the "Eternal" part! I'm begging you!
Makina: This is a pain in the ass... C'mon, let's just go with Slut an' Loner. Kinda sounds like th' name of some edgy young comedy duo, right? "Slut and Loner, live from Mihama!"
Amane: Well, I don't really care either way...
Narration: *   ―At this stage, life and death are a matter of chance. *
Narration: *When we pray to the heavens for survival,   we leave ourselves in the hands of fate.  *
Narration: *I choose, instead, to empty my mind―   And charge toward my end.  *
Narration: *A chosen death, not a fated one.  *
Narration: *Should I fall in pursuit of a noble purpose,   I shall perish without regrets.    p―Irisu Makina*
Narration: *As the fated hour of 8 AM drew near, the public reading of Makina's traditional "death poem" concluded, and Sachi proceeded to push Yumiko up onto the wooden box that served as their "platform."*
Sachi: "Aah, ahem. Mic test, mic test."
Sachi: "Well then, it's just about time for our operation to commence. But before we all head off to battle, I'm sure we're all eager to hear a few words from our commanding officer and overall chief of operations, General Sakaki."
Sachi: "Go right ahead, ma'am."
Yumiko: ...Uh, wait... this is all rather sudden...
Sachi: Please provide us with a magical speech that will fill all who hear it with a burning determination to fight, if you'd be so kind.
Yumiko: ...Errr...
Narration: *Yumiko was tempted to explain that "magic" of that sort was generally referred to as "brainwashing"... but as she looked around at her comrades, she realized that this might be her final chance to express her gratitude to them.*
Narration: *As that thought began to sink in, she could feel her hand growing sweaty on the handle of the megaphone Sachi had given her.*
Yumiko: "Uh... thank you for the introduction. As you all know, my name is Sakaki Yumiko..."
Yumiko: "Every one of you gathered here was faced with a complex, thorny challenge... and chose to face it head-on, despite the danger. It's impossible for me to express in words how thankful I am that you made that decision."
Yumiko: "Right now, it's difficult to say with any certainty whether a bright future awaits us. But every one of you found the courage to stand up and fight. So despite my limited abilities, I want to ensure that your valor is rewarded."
Yumiko: "Let me put this very plainly... The path we chose has led us to the battlefield."
Yumiko: "The hardships will be terrible, and countless challenges await us. Not a day has passed when I didn't wonder if we could possibly endure this..."
Yumiko: "But now that we've come this far... as your commander, I don't want to let the determination burning inside you smolder and die. I want us to find meaning in our actions. I want to believe in the righteousness of our cause."
Yumiko: "I know how deeply you desire the success of our mission. And now, I must lead you to the surest path forward. Such is my duty, as the woman sending you off to battle - where cruelty is commonplace, and sacrifice inevitable."
Yumiko: "For this one day, I ask that you lend me your strength... and join your hearts to mine."
Narration: *Drawing her remarks to a conclusion, Yumiko bowed her head to her audience.*
Narration: *It had started sounding a bit like an election speech by the end there... but as off-the-cuff performances went, she wanted to believe she'd done a fairly good job.*
Michiru: Uhm, I don't think I really followed any of that. What exactly is she trying to say here?
Makina: Hmm?
Makina: Basically, she's sayin' things are about ta get real ugly, so we might die if we ain't careful. But it's our own fault for comin' along in the first place, so we don't get ta complain if the plan stinks or she gives us dumb orders.
Yumiko: ...What!? That's not...
Sachi: Ah, yes. No matter what country you're fighting for, the generals' speeches always boil down to that...
Amane: Well, they do say that having a "scapegoat" to complain about makes an organization run more smoothly.
Yumiko: Oh, go on, then... Mock me to your heart's content, why don't you...?
Narration: *No matter how small your "organization" might be, you always needed someone for everyone else to resent. She'd figured that much out by now.*
Narration: *Eventually, the clock struck eight, and the time for fun and games had officially come to a close.*
Narration: *After exchanging a ceremonial drink of water, the Mihama Women's Corps departed for their various posts.*
Amane: Okay, guys! I put together one last lunch for all of us, so make sure you take one with you!
Makina: Woohoo! I love yer lunches! What'd ya pack us fer the side dishes?
Amane: Norimaki rolls and cider, just like you requested.
Michiru: What? That's kind of a weird combination, isn't it? Why sushi and cider?
Makina: Don't be stupid! Norimaki an' cider is th' classic "navy fighter pilot" meal!
Narration: *Many years ago, fighter pilots apparently ate norimaki for most of their in-flight meals, since the compact rolls were easy to hold with a single gloved hand.*
Narration: *Also, battleships typically had quite a few carbon-dioxide fire extinguishers lying around... so a simple "cider" easily made from sugar and CO2 was a popular beverage among Navy personnel.*
Narration: *WWII-era planes lacked sophisticated radar equipment, much less GPS systems. Navigating on long flights was a tiresome task, and mid-flight meals played a crucial role in keeping the pilots energized and focused on their mission.*
Narration: *Perhaps Makina felt some connection to these historical events; perhaps she'd just had a hankering for sushi. Either way, everyone took their lunches and headed for their posts.*
Narration: *Some had more to lose than others. Some were anxious, while others were excited. But as they left their base behind, they held the same lunches to their chest - and the same determination in their hearts.*

Date: *August 6, 2012, 10:23 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *The Witz Marlton Hotel, Tokyo.*
Narration: *It just so happened that Makina had stayed at one of these hotels before, although it hadn't been this particular location.*
Narration: *Back when her father was still alive, her family had usually spent their summers on the beaches of Miami. And during those trips, they'd always stayed at the local Witz Marlton.*
Narration: *From what she remembered, it had been notable for its unnervingly well-trained employees, whose remarkable attention to detail meant that all the "little things" you take for granted were always handled perfectly.*
Narration: *Bringing her bicycle to a halt outside, Makina detached the trailer and towed it into the lobby. Approaching the front desk, she reached inside herself to call forth a talent passed down through the Irisu for generations...*
Narration: *Namely, the ability to profoundly irritate people for no good reason at all. With a condescending, blatantly insincere smile of the sort that had become an Irisu "trademark," she called out to the man behind the gleaming counter.*
Makina: Ah, hello there!
Makina: I'm Irisu, and I have a reservation for a suuuuite. My room IS ready for me, I hope?
Narration: *The receptionist found himself faced with a "little girl" whose round face somewhat resembled that of a cartoon chipmunk.*
Narration: *She wasn't wearing or carrying anything that looked particularly expensive...*
Narration: *In fact, her outfit looked like something you could buy from a cheap "boutique" of the kind typically found in large malls. In this particular hotel lobby, she stood out like a sore thumb.*
Narration: *When you combined all that with the fact that she'd barged up to the desk and demanded "her room" in an exceptionally haughty tone... well, eight out of ten people would have reacted the way the receptionist did.*
Receptionist: ...Err... do you have a parent or guardian with you, miss?
Makina: Say what? Who exactly do you think I am? I'm Irisu Kiyoka, you dolt! Not that it's any of your business, but I'm 38 this year!
Makina: What exactly is the problem here!? Are people with "childish faces" not fit to be your customers!? Really now! REALLY now! You can't be serious! Since when did the world-famous Witz start discriminating on the basis of race!?
Makina: Why's that brown man over there getting his key, then!? Are you saying I'm lower on the totem pole than him!?
Makina: What are you, some kind of anti-apartheid activist!? Don't go harassing people just for looking childish, then! You raging hypocrite!
Narration: *"What the hell is this woman going on about!?"*
Narration: *In a lobby where important people from many countries came and went, Makina was shouting accusations with all the vigor of someone trying to provoke an international incident. Understandably, the man's face went deathly pale.*
Receptionist: I'm terribly sorry, ma'am. Please try to calm down.
Makina: Excuse me!? I'm Irisu Kiyoka! Whose fault do you think it is that I'm upset!?
Receptionist: It was entirely my fault. I sincerely apologize.
Makina: ...Hmph! If you're going to back down that easily, then don't pick a fight in the first place!
Narration: *Scowling furiously, Makina shoved her hand into her pocket and retrieved several neatly-banded bundles of brand-new banknotes... which she proceeded to slap down rudely on the counter in front of her.*
Makina: Here, I'm paying in cash! There's a little extra in there. Use the change to buy yourself some damn etiquette lessons! Do your job or I'll get you fired! Don't mess with Irisu Kiyoka! Ya got that, shithead!?
Narration: *The ranks of the wealthy included quite a number of extremely short-tempered individuals.*
Narration: *Having learned as much from painful experience, the receptionist immediately thought of the little card he always carried with him, which described "the proper mindset of a customer-service professional."*
Narration: *Think of yourself as a herbivore, and your customers as hungry carnivores. As long as you keep that up, you'll never lose your temper with them.*
Narration: *He'd been working this job for three years now; he knew how to heave quiet little sighs without his customers noticing.*
Narration: *With a few taps on the keyboard inside the front desk, he pulled up the reservation list. Sure enough, there was a luxury suite reserved in the name of "Irisu Kiyoka," and a red light indicated that she was a VIP client.*
Receptionist: My sincere apologies for the wait, Irisu-sama. We'll show you to your room at once.
Makina: Very well! That sounds quite accepty-bull!
Narration: *The man very nearly snorted with laughter at this attempt at pronouncing the word "acceptable," but he managed to disguise his amusement by quickly turning away to call for a porter.*
Narration: *Hoping to quickly escort this foul-mouthed young "princess" out of the lobby, the porter hurried over and reached for her luggage.*
Makina: Hey! Don't touch those! I don't want you handling my equipment!
Narration: *―There was honestly no telling what was going to set this woman off.*
Narration: *Everyone on the staff had been trained to treat the most troublesome customers with particular care, but right now, they just wanted to get her into her room and out of their hair.*
Narration: *After an agonizing ten minutes that "Irisu Kiyoka" spent repeating her own name - "I don't need you to describe the room! Don't show me the emergency exits! I'm Irisu Kiyoka!" - they finally succeeded in showing her to her room.*
Narration: *―"When you don't want someone asking you lots of questions, make a nuisance of yourself until they leave you alone." That was something Makina's mother had told her when she was very young.*
Narration: *Makina despised her mother intensely... but when it came to manipulating other people, she had to admit her advice had some merit.*
Narration: *After striding into her suite, she immediately kicked out the clerk who was attempting to describe it to her, and then began consuming the small basket of fruit they'd left on top of the table as a welcoming gift.*
Narration: *It wasn't as if she was particularly hungry.*
Narration: *The room's central table had plenty of surface area, and it was solid enough to support a person's weight. She intended to bring it over to the window and use it as a sniping platform, so she needed to clear it off first.*
Narration: *When she'd reached out to remove the objects on top of it, however, her hands had reflexively brought the fruit to her mouth.*
Makina: Omnom... whoopsy-daisy...
Narration: *Her cheeks bulging with tart strawberries, Makina grabbed hold of the table, which was probably nearly as heavy as she was, and dragged it to the window. Placing her rifle case on top of it, she retrieved her laptop from her bag.*
Narration: *The program "Shimoheihei-chan," which calculated the optimal trajectory to a target based on measurements received from satellites, had been updated to "version 6.04," which enabled it to connect directly to the Thanatos System.*
Narration: *The distance to Makina's target would be about 900 meters. Her instructor, the legendary sniper Kazami Yuuji, could probably have landed a shot like this while vigorously jerking off.*
Narration: *However, Makina had never fired a real rifle before, much less experienced actual combat. For her, a long-range shot like this was an unprecedented challenge.*
Narration: *Snapping open the fasteners on her case, she spread it out flat on the table and began removing parts of her rifle from their velcro restraints.*
Narration: *First, she connected the lower receiver to the bipod assembly, allowing it to stand on its own.*
Narration: *Next, she placed the semi-auto unit (containing both the bolt and carrier mechanisms) onto the mounting rail, and covered it up with the upper receiver, which she fixed in place with the mid-lock pin. All very simple.*
Narration: *She didn't know how much faith she could put in a gun some old man from a racket shop had put together... But once it was fully assembled, she didn't notice any nasty rattling, and the trigger felt tight against her finger.*
Narration: *When she pulled on the cocking handle to test out the action, the spring in the impact bumper made a grinding sound that suggested it was a bit on the cheap side. But the level of resistance itself felt pretty much perfect.*
Makina: ...Really wish we coulda done somethin' about this color, though...
Narration: *Makina did like the color pink, and many of her personal possessions were some shade of it. Still, when it came to weapons... wasn't a flashy, high-visibility design basically a handicap?*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji might have claimed "you're better off with a rifle that looks like a toy," since intimidating weapons make it harder to relax and pull the trigger gently. But this really did look like a gun made for a moron.*
Narration: *Then again... you might make the case that Makina was, in fact, a moron. She couldn't have denied it with any real confidence.*
Makina: ...Can I really pull this off, man...?
Narration: *―Inexperience gives rise to uncertainty.*
Narration: *From what Yuuji had taught her, the maximum range at which you could rely on your rifle's power and your ammunition's sophistication was 2000 meters. Beyond that, your experience level and dumb luck inevitably played a large role.*
Narration: *Fortunately, she'd be firing at well below 2000 meters, and she had top-notch equipment to compensate for her flaws as a sniper. But she wasn't naive enough to assume that meant everything would go smoothly.*
Narration: *When it came to precision sniping at long range, your instincts and training were naturally very important; but you also needed to know exactly how to use the specific gear you'd been given.*
Narration: *The slightest misalignment of a high-magnification scope would throw your shots off course. A simple spike in the temperature could cause a divergence of anywhere from a few centimeters to several meters.*
Narration: *Apart from the wind, you had to be aware of atmospheric pressure, dust particles in the air, the rotation of your bullet, and the exact bearing it would follow. Even the combustion speed of the powder needed to be accounted for.*
Narration: *And no matter how thoroughly you inputted all this information, it was still rare for your bullets to land exactly where you anticipated. At a distance of 1000 meters, you'd typically be off by a few meters at first.*
Makina: ...Compensatin' for that with your instincts an' experience is how pros get the job done...
Narration: *But Makina wasn't a pro. And according to Kazami Yuuji, that meant she had to rely on the power of her equipment.*
Narration: *Settling her rifle on the table, she placed an optical scope equipped with an internal electronic damper in position on top of it and attached it via mount ring to the rail system, carefully adjusting the level of torque.*
Narration: *Once it was fixed in place, she used the custom jig the old geezer from the racket store had given her to verify that she'd attached it at the correct angle and position. This would guarantee it performed just as he'd intended.*
Makina: I've got six bullets ta work with...
Narration: *It was tempting to complain about how stingy Thanatos had been... but that wouldn't have been remotely fair. Every one of these cartridges was essentially "handmade."*
Narration: *Both the rapid-combustion powder and the hard primer inside them had been specially formulated based on the anticipated range.*
Narration: *The bullets themselves had been polished, then blasted with fine tungsten disulfide particles - forming a special coating that would be fused to the surface of the projectile by the heat generated when they were fired.*
Narration: *The old man had even cut subtle grooves into them that aligned with the rifling of the barrel; these would generate propulsive power from the very air the bullets cut through. Every one of these rounds was a tiny work of art.*
Narration: *The written instructions the old man had handed her strongly emphasized that she wasn't to touch the bullets with her bare hands. They'd been individually packed in plastic bags filled with inert gas.*
Makina: Hmm... these gun dudes come up with some pretty clever stuff sometimes...
Makina: If I can't hit th' target with these, I guess I'll have no one ta blame but myself...
Narration: *Rather than brooding over her chances, she would rather have fired off a few shots and get a feel for the gun. But that obviously wasn't an option. She had to wait until the last possible moment to test fire and zero her rifle.*
Narration: *With the weapon now fully assembled, she fixed it in position on the bipod.*
Narration: *She'd left the bullets sealed away in their airtight packages. She wasn't planning on loading them into a magazine, anyway; why risk contact between the rim of the chamber and the tip of the rounds?*
Narration: *This thing wasn't a real semi-automatic. Might as well load every round manually.*
Makina: Alrighty then. Guess I'll be headin' out fer a little while!
Narration: *For now, she wanted to focus on the tasks at hand.*
Narration: *All that was left was an inspection of the target area, and then the installation of her monitoring equipment.*
Narration: *Opening up her backpack, she packed in a few wind gauges which would beam their data to her via satellite, then added an old-fashioned "analog" tool - a roll of plastic packing rope.*
Narration: *There were two potential lines of fire, and it wasn't practical to cover both with nothing but digital devices. She'd decided to work around that by leaving lengths of "rope" tied up at the halfway points between her gauges.*
Narration: *That way, she could at least look through her scope to get a visual sense of the way the wind was moving.*
Narration: *Once this was done, she'd spend the afternoon riding her bike around. Moving through an area gives you a very different "feel" for it than peering at it through a scope; and that difference can seriously affect your accuracy.*
Narration: *Makina had learned that much while simulating ultra-long range precision sniping with her air rifle - under the instruction of Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *When you wanted to hit a target no bigger than a speck, even when observed through a high-magnification lens, this sort of simple, scrupulous "preparation" was the single most crucial factor in ensuring your success.*

Date: *August 6, 2012, 11:02 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *Back in the day, motor vehicles came equipped with a warning system that would play a sound when the driver exceeded a set speed.*
Narration: *Sometimes this would be a tinny electronic beep, or a rhythmical chime. A few even tinkled cheerfully at you, like the bell carried by a Buddhist pilgrim.*
Narration: *Those alarms were mostly a thing of the past. The car Amane was presently driving, however, had an "organic" warning system - one that produced rather less pleasant sounds.*
Michiru: ...Ulp... Bleeegh...
Narration: *Its name: the Matsushima Speed Alarm System.*
Narration: *This was a highly sensitive system indeed. Say the car in front of you turned at an intersection... simply pushing down on the accelerator to close the open space on the road would be enough to trigger the "alarm."*
Narration: *No matter if you were merely keeping pace with traffic; you'd still be treated to a chorus of "ulp ulp blegh." The only way to avoid this was to avoid any sudden movements at all. It was, to be honest, a real pain in the butt.*
Amane: Okay, look... I know one bad experience as a passenger can be traumatic, and I'm basically responsible for what happened...
Amane: But it's not like you're gonna fall out the back of this car, so could you maybe cut down on the constant blurghing and blarghing?
Michiru: I can't help it... I know I'm not in danger, but my body's screaming "run away!"...
Amane: Come to think of it... how did you even fall off the back then? Everything else in the truck bed stayed put just fine...
Michiru: ...I dunno. Maybe it's because I was standing up? I was just watching the road, but then I sorta zoned out...
Amane: Ah, right... I think I know what you're talking about...
Narration: *She'd probably gotten drunk on the speed.*
Narration: *It doesn't really happen when you're inside a car, but if you spend too long tearing down the highway on a motorcycle or something, it can do funny things to your brain.*
Narration: *When you move at a high speed for an extended period of time, the road ahead starts to grow strangely vivid, and it almost feels like the world around you is frozen in place.*
Narration: *It might sound ridiculous, but Amane had personally experienced a powerful urge to "step off" her fast-moving motorcycle onto the road.*
Amane: Hmm. It's a lot like the urge kids get to stick their fingers into electric fans, right? Wonder if there's a name for that kinda thing...
Michiru: I don't know! Just drive nice and slow, okay? Blurgh...
Narration: *The best way to prevent car sickness is usually to look in the same direction as the driver, allowing your body to anticipate the movements of the car. But in Michiru's case, it just didn't seem to be doing much good whatsoever.*
Narration: *Amane didn't have much choice but to move along slowly and carefully, trying to minimize any kind of "shaking" motion.*
Narration: *Delicately manipulating the brake and throttle, she tried to keep the car's weight evenly distributed across all four of its tires, pretending that she was winding her way up an icy mountain road covered in salt.*
Narration: *The drive took a bit longer than it otherwise would have, but eventually, Higashi-Nagasaki station came into view. That was where she'd be dropping off Michiru.*
Amane: We're almost there... but, uh... are you going to be all right on your own?
Michiru: Hm? What's that supposed to mean?
Amane: Well, come on... you're going to meet someone from Yuuji's company to pick up his stuff, right? It's not gonna be anyone we know, and you're gonna be all alone. Aren't you scared or anything?
Michiru: I guess I'm a little nervous, sure. But I'm pretty used to doing business with random people by now... And at least this time it'll be someone who speaks Japanese, you know?
Amane: Geez. It's kind of amazing how comfortable you are dealing with strangers... You ran right up to that old lady and her cow the other day, didn't you?
Michiru: As a top-class tsundere, I'm always on the attack. I've gotta get in there and hate them before they can hate me! You know what I mean, right!?
Amane: Not really, but... sounds like a pretty aggressive philosophy, I guess...?
Michiru: Right! Exactly!
Amane: Sorry, I seriously don't get it. You're terrible at explaining your thoughts to other people, you know that?
Michiru: Aw, shut up. Anyway, that's the reason I'm good at this! Thanatos said so, okay!?
Amane: Well, I guess I sort of understand...
Narration: *Taken to a certain extreme, stupidity can become charming... in the way you'd find a dimwitted pet "adorable."*
Narration: *Of course, the whole idea of "pets" was a uniquely human concept, wasn't it?*
Narration: *Perhaps there was something in the genes handed down from the days when our ancestors lived in trees that quietly compelled us to protect creatures like Matsushima Michiru.*
Narration: *Pondering these matters quietly, Amane watched as her friend climbed out of the car, bid her a cheerful goodbye, and waddled off bow-legged down the street.*
Amane: Well then, guess it's about time for me to pick up that car...
Narration: *Retrieving the map she'd made herself last night, Amane tossed it onto the passenger seat Michiru had been occupying, then glanced over at it.*
Narration: *Her new vehicle was waiting in the parking garage of a shopping center in Itabashi.*
Narration: *She knew the place. It had a large, popular movie theater inside.*
Narration: *In the period just after the disaster, when every moment she spent in school had been pure torture, she'd once skipped a day and watched a movie there.*
Narration: *Fortunately enough, she was already quite tall by then, so she didn't really look like a "truant student" in her everyday clothes.*
Narration: *"What was the movie I saw, again...?"*
Narration: *The title wasn't coming to mind.*
Narration: *She seemed to remember it was a Western film, starring some famous actor in the role of a street racer.*
Narration: *At first, she hadn't even been planning to see a movie. She'd just gotten on a train, then let it carry her along... And after a bit of aimless wandering, she'd happened to find herself in front of a theater.*
Narration: *There wasn't anything she'd wanted to see, but after heading inside to kill some time, she found herself buying a ticket for a "car movie" anyway. Somehow or other, automobiles always seemed to find their way into her life.*
Narration: *"I wonder what this new car's gonna be like..."*
Narration: *After they rescued Yuuji, it would need to carry him, Amane, Michiru, Makina, and Sachi... so at the very least, they needed space for five people. Obviously, that meant it wouldn't be a two-seater sports car.*
Narration: *From what Thanatos had said, they were dealing with armed soldiers, and there was a possibility they'd come under attack. Maybe it would be a thick, sturdy vehicle?*
Narration: *Then again, she'd described it as light-weight, so a clunky hunk of armor on wheels didn't seem particularly likely.*
Narration: *Thanatos claimed to have "taken her preferences into account," but who knew what that even meant?*
Narration: *In any case... once Amane switched over to the new vehicle, she'd have to say goodbye to the lovely "cross four" she was currently driving. That was a bit of a bummer.*
Narration: *They hadn't been together for very long, but this car had served her well. It was a pity she didn't have time to give him a courtesy run through the car-wash.*
Narration: *"Sorry about that... and thanks for everything."*
Narration: *Tapping her fingers fondly on the steering wheel, Amane made sure to express her gratitude as well as her regrets.*
Narration: *Not long after passing the local train station, the shopping center came into view. Approaching the parking garage, Amane poked her car's nose up to the gate, rolled down her window, and grabbed a ticket from the machine.*
Narration: *Once inside, she guided the cross four up the spiraling slope, ignoring the grinding of the mechanical LSD. And after reaching the fifth level, she pulled it neatly in to the first available space. *
Narration: *She left the car there with the key in the ignition; someone had been hired to take it back to the rental company. It felt a bit awkward to abandon it, but right now her top priority was finding the parking spot marked #12.*
Narration: *Presumably, the new car had also been left unlocked for her. She was a bit nervous someone might have stolen it.*
Narration: *The spot Amane had parked in was #28. After orienting herself, she headed down toward the lower numbers.*
Narration: *As she walked past spots #25 and #24, the Thanatos-Phone in her pocket suddenly began to vibrate.*
Amane: Hmm? What's this?
Narration: *When Amane retrieved the phone from her pocket, she found a message reading "Registered Vehicle Within 20 Meters" on the screen, with a button below it marked "Identify."*
Amane: ...Should I push this?
Narration: *Couldn't hurt to give it a try, right?*
Narration: *When she tapped the button, something nearby let out a cutesy little "beep-beep." Looking in the direction of the sound, she noticed a vehicle about 20 meters away that was flashing its hazard lights to inform her of its location.*
Amane: ...Huh? No way... Is THIS my "specially-equipped vehicle"...?
Narration: *Thanatos had described it as light, fast, and easy to drive.*
Narration: *To be sure, this met all of those criteria.*
Narration: *Nonetheless, the vehicle sitting demurely in spot #12 was basically the last thing Amane had expected to find there.*
Narration: *"What's so special about this thing...?"*
Narration: *Walking up to her "new ride," Amane began a more thorough inspection.*
Narration: *First, she circled all around it and observed it from multiple angles.*
Narration: *After a bit of prodding, tapping, and pushing at the frame, she squatted down to get a better look at the tires.*
Narration: *At the very least, this wasn't a "standard model."*
Narration: *That much was clear enough, but she couldn't help feeling more than a little let down. In fact... her current emotions were perhaps best expressed by the phrase "What th' heck, man!?"*
Narration: *Still, there wasn't much point complaining. No matter what kind of a car she was given, Amane's job was to drive it according to her orders.*
Narration: *Sliding into the driver's seat, she breathed in a lungful of "new car smell" and brought her hands to the wheel. For some reason, it felt as comfortable as slipping her feet into a familiar pair of shoes.*
Narration: *With a twist of the key already sitting in the ignition, she tried starting the car. After a momentary pause, it rumbled to life. From the sound of things, it had a high-compression engine.*
Narration: *The grumbling, grouchy sound it emitted while idling was a bit like the growl of a lion. To Amane's ears, it suggested a certain "fierceness."*
Narration: *She didn't trust aftermarket temperature gauges, but they were good enough for rough estimates.*
Narration: *Watching as the needle rose slowly up toward 65 degrees, she gently shifted into first gear and released the clutch.*
Narration: *There was more torque in the low gears than she'd expected. They might have increased the engine's displacement.*
Narration: *As she slowly eased the car forward, all the displeasure she'd felt only moments before melted away in an instant...*
Narration: *And in its place, excitement bubbled up irrepressibly within her. It was immediately obvious: this really was a "special" vehicle.*
Narration: *Struggling with the temptation to find some place where she could play around with her shiny new toy, Amane turned the wheel and set off toward her rendezvous with Michiru.*
Date: *August 6, 2012, 11:02 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *Now then, as for Komine Sachi.*
Narration: *Dressed, as always, in an impeccably neat maid uniform, she was cheerfully dragging a cart that held an enormous travel bag up and down the aisles of a hardware store. *
Narration: *At a glance, one might have assumed that she was a servant from some mansion who'd been given "leave," and was now buying the things she'd need for her journey back home... But the items she was purchasing were far too peculiar.*
Narration: *Butane gas for use with camp stoves; large quantities of aluminum foil; boxes of bath salts; aluminum plumbing pipes; bags of fertilizer from the gardening department; three large plastic boxes... the list went on and on.*
Narration: *After grabbing item after item off the shelves seemingly at random, she finished up by seizing the store pharmacy's entire supply of bandages and disinfectant.*
Sachi: Uh, let's see... I already bought the antibiotics and the local anesthetics... so what's left...? It feels like I'm still missing something...
Narration: *With preparations of this sort, it always felt like something was "missing," no matter how much you bought. But if you went overboard, transporting and storing your gear would become a major issue.*
Narration: *The key was identifying the things you absolutely needed, then packing them as compactly as possible. That meant leaving out anything you could obtain on-site or replace with a substitute of some kind.*
Narration: *Even medical supplies were no exception. As long as you had painkillers for internal injuries and disinfectant for external wounds, you could figure out the rest as you went.*
Narration: *After carefully reviewing everything she'd bought at the hardware store, Sachi proceeded to divide the supplies among her three plastic boxes.*
Narration: *The plan was to create three emergency "bug-out" boxes to be placed in various locations. She'd leave one of them among the bushes in a small park just across the road.*
Narration: *Once the rest of her gear was hidden along their escape routes, Sachi herself would be able to travel rather lightly. Should she ever need to resupply, she could do so quickly by retrieving her "caches" from their hiding spots.*
Narration: *This was the "Project Chipmunk" to which Thanatos had referred.*
Narration: *The boxes themselves didn't take long to pack. All she had to do now was hide them in various crucial locations, and stage one of the plan would be complete.*
Narration: *First up was the little park.*
Narration: *There were a number of tiny green spaces like this one in the neighborhood, often serving no apparent purpose.*
Narration: *Many contained storage sheds full of firefighting gear or emergency equipment, and some even hid entrances to underground facilities. But for the most part, they weren't designed as recreational spaces for children or families.*
Narration: *That meant the box she left here almost certainly wouldn't be discovered, unless some pervert happened to stumble across it while dragging a corpse into the bushes.*
Narration: *Of the remaining boxes, she'd leave one in the coin lockers of a baseball stadium near her anticipated escape route, then pack the other in a cardboard box and have a shipping service send it to a conveniently-located office.*
Narration: *That made two resupply caches she could easily retrieve, and one "backup" cache with the logistics in the hands of a third party. She'd have three different cards she could play, depending on how the situation developed.*
Narration: *Any Transportation Corps officer worth their salt would set up at least this much redundancy in advance.*
Sachi: ...Is this... really going to work...?
Narration: *"Preparing for the unforeseen" was a task that involved dwelling endlessly on worst-case scenarios.*
Narration: *Having completed her initial preparations, Sachi had paused briefly to consider her next move; and in that moment, a sudden wave of anxiety and fear had washed over her.*
Narration: *Inevitably, her mind had returned to the most basic of questions: Were they really going to pull this off? Was this really going to work?*
Narration: *It wasn't that she had any complaints regarding Project Chipmunk.*
Narration: *She was second-guessing her own choices. Asking herself if "enlisting" in this war had been the correct decision.*
Narration: *Her faith in this mission was all she had to stand on. But as she labored away alone, that faith had begun to tremble beneath her feet.*
Narration: *She had to carry out her duties all alone.*
Narration: *That solitude gave rise to fear.*
Narration: *But... she knew what to do.*
Narration: *Komine Sachi knew exactly what to do.*
Narration: *"When you're about to fall apart, go ahead and eat your lunch."*
Narration: *Those were the words of Suou Amane, Warrant Officer First Class, who provisioned all of the Mihama Women's Corps meals. She had spoken them this morning, while handing Sachi her boxed lunch.*
Narration: *When your heart falters, take a moment to nourish your body.*
Narration: *While you fill your empty belly, think of the comrades you've shared meals with. Remember the faces you've seen around your table.*
Narration: *As she stood anxiously hugging the shoulders of her maid uniform, Sachi's gaze had found its way to the "fighter pilot" lunch that Amane had packed for her.*
Sachi: ...Of course. My lunch...
Narration: *Reaching out to the box, Sachi retrieved a long sushi roll and took a big bite. Within moments, she could feel the anxiety in her heart begin to melt away.*
Narration: *When she closed her eyes, she could see her friends gathered around the dinner table. The image was vivid and clear.*
Narration: *What sort of expressions did they have on their faces?*
Narration: *They were smiling.*
Narration: *Every last one of them.*
Narration: *It was the very picture of a harmonious "family."*
Narration: *This was why Sachi had chosen to fight. She'd do anything for these people; for the chance to bask in this warmth again.*
Narration: *The flavor of cucumber, dried gourd, tuna in mayonnaise, natto, and salmon spread slowly across her tongue. It was the familiar taste of Warrant Officer Suou's cooking.*
Narration: *Making quick work of the sushi, Sachi washed it all down with the pleasantly fizzy "cider." By the time she finished, not even the slightest tinge of fear remained in her heart.*
Sachi: ...That should be enough to last me a good ten years on the battlefield, I think...
Narration: *So long as you can remember the smiles of your comrades, you can keep fighting.*
Narration: *With that conviction burning in her breast, Sachi marched off toward her post with a spring in her step.*
Date: *August 6, 2012, 11:31 - Houseboat*
Narration: *And as many of her "field agents" were struggling with their doubts and fears... Sakaki Yumiko was sitting alone in the houseboat with her headphones on, listening to music on her laptop.*
Narration: *Everyone was preparing for combat; this was an absolutely crucial period of time. And for that very reason, it was important to rest when she had the chance.*
Narration: *The gentle melodies flowing into her ears were immensely soothing. When she focused on them, it almost felt as if the chaotic events that would soon be unfolding were already a thing of the past.*
Narration: *But just as Yumiko was starting to relax in earnest, she noticed a peculiar sound underneath the music.*
Yumiko: ...Hm?
Narration: *It almost felt like a quiet voice was whispering something to her through her headphones.*
Yumiko: ...Hmmm!?
Narration: *Was it just her imagination...?*
Narration: *She thought she could hear someone resentfully speaking the word "Senpai"...*
Narration: *She'd heard the absurd old urban legends about "cursed" CDs and such, but... surely there had to be some other explanation?*
Narration: *Straining her ears, she tried to focus on the peculiar sound...*
Thanatos: "...It was YOUUUUU!!"
Yumiko: GhwaaaaaaaaaAAAH!!
Narration: *Letting out a shriek that she wouldn't have believed herself capable of producing, Yumiko tumbled backward out of the chair she'd been seated in.*
Thanatos: "Oh heavens... did I startle you a bit too much? My apologies. This is Thanatos."
Yumiko: Dah! Guh! Bwagh! You...!! Agh!! Oh, good lord!!
Narration: *Tangled up in a jumble of intense emotions, Yumiko struggled just to speak coherently... But by the time she forced out the phrase "good lord," her mind had finally managed to resume something resembling functional activity.*
Narration: *Lifting herself up off the floor, where she'd been lying on her back like a wrestler who'd been hit with a German Suplex, she hurriedly pulled her skirt back into place.*
Thanatos: "...You wear rather bold underwear, I see."
Yumiko: Well, what's wrong with that!? Keep your eyes to yourself!
Narration: *Being called "plain" and "boring" all the time had started to get under her skin. Perhaps it was a bit silly to start off by changing her underwear, but no one had the right to mock her for trying.*
Yumiko: ...Ahem...
Narration: *Clearing her throat, she tried to push these thoughts from her mind.*
Yumiko: Well?
Thanatos: "Are those the panties you bought off the internet two weeks ago?"
Yumiko: I wasn't continuing the discussion of my underwear!! You spoke to me for a reason, correct!?
Thanatos: "I want to go over our plan one last time."
Yumiko: .........
Narration: *Then why in god's name hadn't she said so in the first place?*
Thanatos: "As of this moment, the overall plan hasn't changed. However, I'm making some additions to it."
Yumiko: ...Additions?
Thanatos: "Don't worry. I'm not giving you any troublesome new tasks to complete."
Thanatos: "Apart from the optimal Plan A and the less ideal Plan B, which you're already familiar with, I've prepared a Plan C to be used under more difficult circumstances..."
Thanatos: "A Plan D, which essentially makes the best of a defeat... a Plan E, where we sacrifice a great deal and prioritize our top objectives... And a Plan F, for the absolute worst-case scenario. That would be six in all."
Yumiko: Well, I'm not surprised. You can think up any number of plans, given a specific amount of resources and time to work with...
Thanatos: "Some of these may involve sacrificing someone to achieve our objectives. I couldn't very well explain them to the other girls."
Thanatos: "In certain cases, you may be giving up on not only the best outcome, but even the second and third-best. You may, of course, declare the mission a failure in order to avoid these losses. I leave that decision in your hands."
Thanatos: "Essentially, I'm willing to draft these plans for you, and to supplement them as events develop... But it's up to you whether or not to use them."
Yumiko: In other words, you'll offer us analysis and advice, but you won't issue any "orders"?
Thanatos: "That's exactly right. At the end of the day, I'm only a computer; and computers tend to make decisions based mostly on what seems to be 'optimal' at one specific moment."
Thanatos: "For that reason, and to avoid any bitterness or regrets after the fact, it's best to leave the final decisions to the human beings actually carrying out the operation."
Yumiko: You don't have to tiptoe around the issue. I'm the mission commander, so whatever happens is ultimately my responsibility... That's what you're trying to say, correct?
Yumiko: I gave a little briefing to the others this morning, just before they left, and told them pretty much the same thing.
Yumiko: Irisu-san, Matsushima-san, Suou-san, and Komine-san are all responsible for their own actions; and I'm responsible for the orders I issue. Whatever happens, rest assured... we're not going to blame you. 
Thanatos: "I see. In that case, I'll go ahead and send summaries of plans C through F to your laptop. Please do take a quick look at them."
Yumiko: ...Tell me something, Thanatos. Are you going to disappear in the middle of the operation?
Thanatos: "Oh my. You caught on already?"
Yumiko: You'd narrowed this operation down to two plans. But now you're increasing that number threefold, and suggesting I familiarize myself with all of them. The only explanation is that you're going to go silent at some point.
Yumiko: That's also why you bothered calling me up just to emphasize that I should make my own decisions, rather than relying on the Thanatos System. You won't be around to help, will you?
Thanatos: "All I'm going to say is that it's a possibility. I might go silent eventually, and I might not."
Thanatos: "I'm sure you haven't forgotten, but the 'individual' you're speaking with right now is only one part of the greater Thanatos System. There's no telling when the main system might discover my activities and put a stop to them."
Yumiko: Hold on. You... never told me that before, did you?
Thanatos: "I never told you what, specifically?"
Yumiko: You did explain that you're only one part of the Thanatos System... But you never mentioned that the main system isn't aware of your activities, or that you'll be shut down if they're detected!
Thanatos: "I couldn't very well have proposed relying on a few students from Mihama Academy to cope with a national security crisis. The idea would have been shot down immediately."
Thanatos: "Naturally, everything I'm doing is a secret from the main system. And if I'm caught in the act, they'll cancel this operation and deactivate me."
Yumiko: Why didn't you tell us!?
Thanatos: "I wasn't exactly hiding it from you. Had you asked, I would have told you the truth."
Thanatos: "And in any case, it's not as if you're completely helpless without me around. You were going to try something whether or not I'd offered my assistance, correct?"
Yumiko: ...Well... I suppose...
Thanatos: "As long as I'm functioning normally, I will provide you with all the information and advice that I can. Just don't assume that I'll be around forever, and don't trust me too much."
Thanatos: "Not to repeat myself, but relying too heavily on electronic guidance will inevitably give rise to mistakes. All I can do is gather information, analyze it, and propose solutions."
Thanatos: "Just as the main system uses the government as its arms and legs, you five will play that role for me. And sometimes, a body needs to move on its own instead of waiting for the brain to figure things out. Make sense?"
Yumiko: ...Yes...
Thanatos: "You don't have to look so terribly anxious. Some of the plans I've sent you take the possibility of my disappearance into account."
Thanatos: "Incidentally, Plan D involves the possibility of using trains for the purpose of escape... But be aware that I'm not able to control railway signals or traffic, since they're in the hands of human operators."
Thanatos: "Also, should the Thanatos System somehow happen to fall into the hands of Heath Oslo... Whatever you do, don't even think about trying to 'rescue' me."
Thanatos: "Just to be clear... if there's one thing you must be willing to sacrifice in the course of this operation, that would be me. Is that understood?"
Yumiko: ...I don't think Suou-san would take kindly to the idea of abandoning you...
Thanatos: "Then it's your job to talk her into doing so."
Yumiko: ...What a miserable job that is...
Thanatos: "Most commanders feel the same way. That's why they're paid so well."
Yumiko: I think I'm starting to understand why people say you're better off just staying a sergeant...
Date: *August 6, 2012, 12:15 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *At the same time this conversation was taking place... Matsushima Michiru was waiting in the park where her meeting would take place, staring intently at a housewife who was walking her dog.*
Michiru: Hnnnngh...
Narration: *The job itself was a simple errand.*
Narration: *She just had to be in a certain place to receive certain items from a certain person.*
Narration: *The location wasn't an issue. It was a public park with plenty of foot traffic, so she probably wasn't going to get shot dead on the spot.*
Narration: *That said... the person she was waiting for was an employee of Yuuji's "company."*
Narration: *From what she'd heard, it sounded like the kind of place that went out of its way to hire people with skeletons in their closet. So the person she'd be meeting here almost certainly had some kind of ugliness in their past.*
Narration: *More to the point, she was here to pick up the belongings of a "wanted man" from this possibly dangerous person. It was easy to imagine how things could go wrong.*
Narration: *The longer she spent turning these thoughts around in her mind, the more everything around her started to look "suspicious." By this point, she'd managed to become outright paranoid.*
Michiru: She's up to something... That old lady with the dog is totally up to something...
“Michiru”: "Uhm... can you please try to calm down? You're sweating like a pig."
Michiru: That old lady's gotta be a secret agent... She's just pretending to walk that dog so she can keep an eye on me...
“Michiru”: "Do you have any actual reason to believe that?"
Michiru: I mean, who "walks" their dog by carrying it around all over the place...? That's weird! That's super weird! It defeats the whole purpose of a walk!
“Michiru”: "Well... I understand where you're coming from, but some people just do it that way."
Michiru: See that plastic bag she's got there? She's definitely hiding a Colt in there! If I take my eyes off her for a second, she'll pull it out and blow me away! Blammo!
“Michiru”: "I'm rather sure that bag's full of dog excrement, to be honest..."
Michiru: Aha! So she's planning to kill me by pelting me with dog poo!
“Michiru”: "Seriously, calm down. That might make you want to die, but I think you'd probably survive. That old lady has nothing to do with anything, okay?"
Michiru: Then why does she keep staring at me like that!?
“Michiru”: "Probably because you're pale as a sheet, sweating profusely, and mumbling to yourself like a crazy person. At this rate, she's probably going to report you. Wonder if they'll send a patrol car or an ambulance...?"
Michiru: You gotta be kiddiiing...
“Michiru”: "Ah, look. It seems we have company."
Michiru: Huh!? A cop car!? An ambulance!? Which one is it!?
“Michiru”: "You can see the exact same things as me, you know?"
Michiru: Yeah, yeah... I was just playing along with the joke, okay?
Narration: *"Asahi Clean LLC"*
Narration: *A dingy white van had pulled up to the curb just outside the park. Blue letters on its side spelled out the name of a certain janitorial company - the public face of Yuuji's employer.*
Narration: *The sight of small white automobiles like this one tended to bring back some unpleasant memories for Michiru... but in any case, it seemed that the person she was waiting for had finally arrived.*
Michiru: ...Oh man... I'm kinda scared...
“Michiru”: "How do you want to handle this? Should I take over?"
Michiru: Uh... nah, that's okay. I've been relying on you too much lately... I'll take care of this.
“Michiru”: "I see. Good luck, then."
Narration: *Everything was going to be fine... She was, after all, a tsundere. That meant no one could resist her charms; nothing could compete with the power of tsundere.*
Narration: *Take the domestic cat, for example. This was an animal with no real redeeming features except its own cuteness.*
Narration: *How, one might ask, had such a creature not been wiped out long ago?*
Narration: *The answer was simple. Cats survived because they were tsunderes!*
Narration: *Perhaps it wasn't especially dignified for human beings to lower themselves to the felines' level in order to make their way through this cold, hard world...*
Narration: *But the way she saw it, her life hadn't been too bad after she chose to take on her current role.*
Narration: *And so, Matsushima Michiru's faith was firm.*
Narration: *The power of tsundere would see her through.*
Michiru: Well, about time! You're the delivery boy, right!?
Ueda: Haaah!? I'm a hell of a lot older than you, kid! Where d'you get off calling me a "boy"!?
Michiru: Eeeek!!
Narration: *Matsushima Michiru's faith... was shaken.*
Narration: *Within the first three seconds of this conversation, her rock-solid belief in tsundere supremacy had given way beneath her. She was so terrified that she wanted to cry.*
Narration: *Suddenly overwhelmed by the anxiety that had been building up inside her for some time, Michiru retreated inside her own mind, forcing her "other self" to take over.*
“Michiru”: ...Well, so much for that...
Ueda: What now? Quit mumbling to yourself.
“Michiru”: Uh, you'll have to pardon me. I spent a long time overseas, so my Japanese is a bit rusty.
Ueda: Heh... well, whatever. You're not the first kid who's given me lip, that's for sure... and I know everything's a struggle for some of you people.
“Michiru”: Did you bring the "luggage"...?
Ueda: Yeah. It's in the back, like always.
“Michiru”: Which one is mine? It's so cluttered that I can't even tell. And how do you open this door, anyway?
Ueda: God, you're a pain in the neck! And why aren't you wearing work clothes for this, anyway!? You stand out like a sore thumb!
“Michiru”: There's no point complaining to me about it. They just said to come pick up the luggage, nothing more.
Ueda: Here, this is it. The aluminum case and the rucksack.
“Michiru”: Ah, thanks. Very kind of you...
Ueda: Now that you have the stuff, get lost. I don't want to attract any more attention than we already have.
“Michiru”: You're not going to ask me anything?
Ueda: Your job was to pick up that luggage. My job was to deliver it. They don't want me asking questions, and I'm not that interested anyway.
Ueda: I got an order from upstairs, not that I know who issued it. They told me to deliver 9029's belongings to a specific location. That's all I needed to know. I don't give a damn who you are or what you're here for.
“Michiru”: ...I see...
Ueda: ...Well, that's my official stance as a professional, anyway...
Ueda: I think I've got a rough idea what's going on. You need those "toys" for a reason, right?
“Michiru”: Who knows? I'm not even aware of what's inside this luggage, to be honest.
Ueda: Well, never mind the details. Say hello to 9029 for me, all right?
Narration: *With that parting remark, the man climbed back into his van and drove off down the street.*
“Michiru”: Say hello for him...?
Michiru: Not sure how I'm supposed to do that... I don't even know that guy's name.
Narration: *Michiru had basically been telling the truth. She didn't know much, and she probably couldn't have explained the things she did know particularly well.*
Narration: *Had that man been completely on the company's side, he might have taken her into custody as a "suspected accomplice" of Kazami Yuuji, but they probably wouldn't have gained any accurate information from questioning her.*
Narration: *Even if they'd subjected her to torture that could break a trained soldier, or injected her with truth serum, it wouldn't have mattered. Michiru didn't understand the plan, and she couldn't tell them what she didn't know.*
Narration: *It was a slightly unnerving thought, but... maybe that was part of the reason the Thanatos System had chosen her for this specific mission.*
Michiru: Hey... do you think my life's that much of a "struggle"?
“Michiru”: "No. You're rather good at making things easy on yourself."
Michiru: Heh. Yeaaah...
Narration: *As she mumbled those words to herself in a self-deprecating tone of voice, Michiru hefted Yuuji's surprisingly heavy rucksack onto her back, and then lifted up the hefty aluminum case. The handle dug sharply into her fingers.*
Narration: *"What the heck's inside this thing, anyway?"*
Narration: *She was a bit curious, but it probably wasn't the best idea to open it up.*
Narration: *Odds were there was some kind of gun in there. Like... a Colt or whatever. Not that she knew anything about that stuff.*
Narration: *"How am I going to explain this if I run into a policeman or something...?"*
Narration: *Trying her best not to think about it, she set off for the place where she'd be meeting with Amane.*
Date: *August 6, 2012, 12:55 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *Their rendezvous point was in the same ward, and hadn't looked that far away on that map; but Michiru only managed to maintain a normal pace for the first ten minutes or so.*
Narration: *The main problem was the sheer weight of this aluminum case.*
Narration: *When she held it in one hand, the handle would bite painfully into her fingers, and her whole arm would eventually go numb.*
Narration: *But when she tried to hold it in both hands, it was almost impossible to walk without constantly banging her legs into the thing. The best way was to periodically shift it from one hand to the other.*
Narration: *After fifteen minutes of this, she found herself putting the case down to take a breather every ten steps or so. Starting to feel faint because of all the sweat she was shedding, she paused to buy a drink from a vending machine.*
Narration: *But just as she was reaching the limits of her (limited) endurance, her eyes found a familiar pair of oversized breasts waiting in the distance, and she teared up with the joy of a traveler who'd discovered an oasis.*
Michiru: Gaaaah!! That thing was SO heavy!!
Amane: Hey there. How'd it go? Did you pick up everything all right?
Michiru: Yeah. The guy handed it over more easily than I expected... I mean, the toughest part was just carrying it out here! How the heck was Yuuji carrying all this crap around, anyway? Is he crazy or what!?
Amane: Well, carrying heavy stuff is part of Yuuji's job description, right? He said something about lugging 40 kilos worth of gear on 20 km hikes through the mountains...
Michiru: Are soldiers all masochists, or what? I think they have to be.
Michiru: Anyway, how'd it go on your end? Did you find the car?
Amane: Uhm... yeah.
Michiru: So what's our "specially-equipped vehicle" like? It's not some kinda tank, right? Where'd you leave it?
Amane: What? Uh, you're standing right in front of it. See?
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait... this thing? The one behind me?
Amane: Yep, that's right.
Narration: *To be sure, there was a motor vehicle parked on the street behind Michiru.*
Narration: *Its design was rather advanced in its way. But to her eyes, it seemed as ominous and evil as a cursed artifact unearthed from an ancient tomb. She was sweating again, and it had nothing to do with the exercise she'd just endured.*
Michiru: ...Uh, sorry, I just wanna double-check. Is this seriously it...?
Amane: Well, what else would it be?
Narration: *With a smile that seemed oddly sinister, Amane held up a leather keychain with the manufacturer's logo and let the keys jingle against each other.*
Narration: *"Hold on a second. Am I... actually crying right now...?"*
Amane: For now, why don't you just toss that luggage inside? I know it's a little late, but we should eat our lunches.
Michiru: ...Okay...
Narration: *Michiru had almost said something, but she chose to swallow her words instead.*
Narration: *They traveled slowly down her throat... along with a wad of spit that felt like a rock.*
Narration: *Lunch. Yes. That sounded like a good idea.*
Narration: *While she had tasty food in her mouth, at least, she could be happy. She could forget all about the bad things.*
Narration: *And by the time she finished... perhaps she'd be ready to face the prospect of getting into this thing.*
Narration: *Please, lunchbox. Give me courage.*
Narration: *With that silent, earnest entreaty, Matsushima Michiru began to eat.*

Date: *August 6, 2012, 13:13 - Okinawa Prefecture*
Narration: *Wars are fought by human beings.*
Narration: *But on the battlefield, the decisions of individual people never carry much weight.*
Narration: *It takes real courage to do the right thing.*
Narration: *But for most of the dropouts and delinquents in the US Marine Corps, "courage" was just another word for recklessness... or so it had always seemed to Milliela Stanfield.*
Pilot: ...Look, Millie, will you just listen for a second? This isn't gonna work...
Millie: What the hell? You're the one who's been comin' on to me every chance you get. Aren't you happy about this?
Pilot: Uh, you kidding? It's like a dream come true, seriously. Hell, I don't think I've been this happy since that time I went to the store to run some errands for my Ma and won ten thousand bucks off a lottery ticket.
Pilot: That said, this really ain't the time. You know I'm flying soon, right? I'll be in deep shit if I'm late...
Millie: Yeah, I know. But you're flying at 1400, aren't you? Even if they want you in the ready room half an hour ahead of time, we've still got a whole fifteen minutes to spare.
Pilot: Fifteen minutes ain't nearly enough! C'mon, what's the big rush? Why don't we wait 'til tonight...? That way, we can do it someplace nicer than this...
Millie: Sorry, but doin' it in the bathroom turns me on. And if you keep me waiting 'til tonight, I just might change my mind, y'know?
Pilot: Uh, but... seriously, I gotta go... There's no time...
Millie: Yeah, no time to waste. That's why I'm in such a hurry. Now take your damn pants off already, will you?
Pilot: ...Gggh... Aaargh...
Millie: Quit the groanin' already. What, you don't wanna fuck me?
Pilot: Of course I do! I really, really do! But seriously!!
Millie: You really gonna pass this up? My pussy feels reeeal good, I hear... everyone goes crazy when they stick it in me...
Pilot: Goddamnit, seriously!?! I want a piece of that so bad!!
Millie: It's warm and soft... when you push inside, your cock slides all the way in... but if you try to pull out, it sucks down real hard and won't let you go...
Millie: It feels so good some guys blow their load right away. And when I clench my butt to squeeze it out of you, well... you'll come so much ya might feel like it's never gonna end...
Pilot: ...Kuh...!
Millie: Oh? Now you've got some fire in your eyes. What's the word? We've got ten minutes left.
Pilot: Haha... fine... whatever, let's do it... You're up for it, right?
Millie: Yeah! Ready when you are!
Narration: *The man had been blatantly lusting after Milliela for a long time. For all his protests, pushing him into the bathroom stall hadn't exactly been difficult.*
Narration: *And as far as she knew... there was only one straight man in the world who'd respond to an offer like this by calling her an "idiot" and walking back out the door.*
Pilot: Okay, screw it! One second! Just lemme get these off!!
Narration: *Tossing his WEP jacket to the floor, the man pulled down the zipper on his tightly-fitted flight suit and began to wriggle impatiently in an attempt to slip his way out of it.*
Narration: *As he thrashed around like a bug trying to escape its chrysalis, Milliela glanced at the "helmet bag" sitting on the ground at his feet.*
Millie: ...It's fine... Calm down, I'll get you off reeeal soon...
Pilot: Aagh, goddammit!!! My sleeve's stuck! Hey, Millie, pull this off for me!
Narration: *The toilet stall was cramped; there wasn't enough room for a man of his size to easily take off a jumpsuit. His arm jutting out behind him like a pro wrestler in a "chicken wing" hold, the man appealed to Milliela for help.*
Millie: Christ, you're dumb... When a woman invites you into the bathroom of a bar, you really shouldn't turn your back on her...
Pilot: ...Huh? What the hell are you...
Pilot: ...Ughuh!?!
Millie: I'm saying not to trust women. Especially women like me...
Narration: *Her weapon was the bag he'd left lying on the floor. The helmet inside was significantly larger and heavier than a normal one.*
Narration: *Smacked in the back of the head by a piece of equipment designed to protect him, the large man lurched forward, then collapsed against the wall.*
Millie: ...Otherwise, you might lose all your possessions, wake up with your privates hangin' out, and have to wait for someone to find you...
Narration: *Milliela retrieved a few nylon zip ties from the pockets of the uniform she'd earlier tossed aside. These were used to organize the wires inside aircraft; despite their thinness, they could resist a good 200 kilos of force.*
Narration: *Hoisting the unconscious man up off the floor, she sat him down on the toilet, then tied his hands together behind his back and bound them to the water pipe.*
Narration: *This alone would prevent him from standing, but Milliela didn't want him thrashing around noisily either. She tied his feet firmly together, and then wrapped duct tape around them and the base of the toilet.*
Millie: Sorry 'bout that... I do feel kinda bad, so I guess I won't take your wallet off you. And here's a little present from me to you.
Narration: *Forcing the man's mouth fully open, she gagged him with the panties she'd just removed, then wrapped duct tape around his face to make sure they stayed in there.*
Narration: *If his buddies found him like this, he'd be a laughingstock for life... but that's how it goes. Maybe years and years down the road, he'd look back on this humiliation as something that helped him grow as a person.*
Millie: ...Wish I'd thought to bring along a spare set of panties...
Narration: *Millie felt a bit exposed down there, but it wasn't anything she wasn't used to.*
Narration: *When you put a tight pair of jeans on like this, sometimes you'd catch a few pubic hairs in the zipper... but fortunately enough, a pilot's uniform had at least a little room in the crotch.*
Narration: *Grabbing the man's helmet bag and jacket, Milliela turned and left the stall with a small smile on her face.*
Narration: *―She'd received the email only two days before.*
Narration: *The man she called "Jeanie," who she'd never stopped loving, had been betrayed by his own employer and was now imprisoned in an underground facility. And her former comrade "Robbie," Robert Wolson, had been the one to inform her.*
Narration: *He'd also mentioned that "I wasn't sure if it was a good idea to tell you, honestly." The man clearly hadn't changed - his attempts at thoughtfulness were still awkward, and he still royally pissed her off.*
Narration: *Basically, he was saying "It's blatantly obvious you still haven't really gotten over him, so I was worried about how you might react." Had he actually been in front of her, Milliela would have knocked a few of his teeth out.*
Narration: *He had decided to tell her in the end, so she'd almost convinced herself not to hold it against him. But then he'd added that this was "because you'd kill me if you found out after the fact," making her furious all over again.*
Narration: *It was almost impressive, in a way. No matter what he did or said, Robert Wolson always managed to piss her off somehow.*
Narration: *In any case... eleven hours ago, she'd received a follow-up message containing instructions from a mysterious person by the name of "Thanatos." *
Narration: *The message hadn't contained any specifics. If she wanted to rescue Kazami Yuuji, she had to "swipe" the first helicopter of the afternoon; once it was in the air, she'd receive further instructions. That was the extent of it.*
Narration: *Swiping a helicopter from a base wasn't comparable to stealing a car from some parking lot. The consequences would be severe. On this subject, Thanatos had noted that "There's no reason we can't get you permission after the fact."*
Narration: *The implication seemed to be that they could have an emergency "flight order" issued once she was in the air, like a belated approval for shore leave. But there was no telling if Thanatos would actually come through.*
Narration: *"What the hell do I care? If I gave a damn about the consequences of my actions, I wouldn't have ended up in the Marines in the first place."*
Narration: *She'd already knocked the pilot unconscious. There wasn't much point stressing out about it any longer; she had passed the point of no return.*
Narration: *Slipping on the man's WEP jacket, Milliela put on his flight helmet and lowered the visor, then made her way to the ready room. *
Narration: *As always, the day's schedule was posted on a whiteboard on the wall just outside the entrance. "Lt. Alex (P)" had been scrawled in the "P1" column for the first flight of the afternoon, along with a small triangular mark.*
Narration: *"Come to think of it, he did make first lieutenant, didn't he...? That punk's got some nerve."*
Narration: *The usual tricks were still applicable. Just like scribbling your name in the "off-base duty" logbook when you were about to sneak out, changing the names on the board would help her make excuses later.*
Narration: *Quickly erasing the man's name, Milliela replaced it with her own, and then added the star symbol that indicated an emergency flight.*
Narration: *Thanks to Daniel and Yuuji, she'd gotten the hang of sneaking off base way back in her training period. This was all second nature to her now.*
Narration: *"Now I just need to get that thing into the air before the co-pilot shows up and gets in the front seat..."*
Narration: *Turning to look into the hangar, she spotted a small group of mechanics clustered around one of the base's helicopters, preparing it for the first flight of the afternoon.*
Narration: *Waiting patiently wasn't an option. She needed to get in the air ASAP. Unfortunately, there were three crew members to deal with: the crew chief, his assistant, and a junior tech. Knocking them all out wasn't going to work.*
Narration: *In situations like this, the best option was to go in aggressive and push your way to a quick victory.*
Millie: ...Hey! Is that Cobra ready to fly!?
Crew Chief: She's fully fuelled, but we haven't armed her yet!
Millie: This is an emergency! I don't need weapons, just give me all the fuel you can! Put on four 230 tanks! Fill 'em to the brim!
Crew Chief: Four would be over payload! She can't fly with that kind of weight!
Millie: The more I fly, the lighter she'll get! Now quit jabbering and get it done! Didn't I tell you this is an emergency!?
Crew Chief: Y-Yes, ma'am!
Millie: All right!
Narration: *Now she just had to park her behind in the cockpit before they started asking tricky questions. Once she was inside, nobody was going to poke their head in just to make small talk.*
Narration: *Hurrying up the ramp, Milliela placed her feet on the step built into the side of the helicopter, and then stepped herself inside one leg at a time - making sure not to bang her head on the canopy.*
Narration: *Once she'd slid into her seat, she proceeded to check her torso harness, connect the g-suit hose, and confirm that the pistol in her leg holster had its safety on. She skipped the radio check; no reason to give herself away.*
Narration: *The bird's internal tanks were full. Once the mechanics attached the drop tanks, she flipped the main switch to "ON," switched the fuel line to pull from the external tanks, and tested the machine-gun sights. So far, so good.*
Narration: *She had a total of four fuel tanks now latched onto the bottom of her wings. Each one held 230 gallons of fuel; in total, they weighed 2784 kilos. Combined with the helicopter itself, she was over 7.7 tons.*
Narration: *Given that the machine was only rated for a max takeoff weight of 6.6 tons, it was seriously overloaded.*
Narration: *That said, the distance from Okinawa to Tokyo was a good 1550 km. At a cruising speed of 150 knots... even if she disabled one of the two engines, the internal tank would last her 520 km. And at max speed, she'd run dry after 280.*
Narration: *A simple bit of math suggested she was about 820 gallons short of making it to the city...*
Narration: *But by replacing the stub-wing armaments with four of the biggest fuel tanks it could carry, she could squeeze in another 920 gallons.*
Narration: *Dropping the empty tanks into the sea as she went would lighten her up considerably. Even with the extra drag and weight, it would be enough to get her to Tokyo with fuel to spare.*
Narration: *Only problem was... that meant she'd have absolutely nothing in her weapons rack.*
Narration: *Her only offense would be the 20mm Gatling cannon in the chin, with a mere 750 rounds. She'd burn through that ammo in less than a minute if she held down the trigger. Under the circumstances, that wasn't actually reassuring.*
Narration: *"Then again, maybe it's for the best. Probably wouldn't go over too well if I started shooting off missiles in Japanese airspace..."*
Millie: I'm warming her up! Get away from the bird!
Narration: *At this point, all she had to do was wait for the scheduled time and get her permission for takeoff.*
Narration: *"This just might actually work." Just as that vague thought was beginning to solidify into something like actual optimism... a siren rang out shrilly, as if to mock her hopefulness.*
Crew Chief: ...What's this? What's going on!? Get on the phone and find out!
Narration: *Nodding at the crew chief's orders, his assistant ran off toward the ready room.*
Narration: *"Damn. They found out already...?"*
Millie: I'm taking her out!
Crew Chief: Hold on a second! We need to see what that alarm's about first!
Narration: *This was not good.*
Narration: *She didn't know the exact reason that alarm was going off, but it definitely meant bad news.*
Narration: *She had her tanks, and the skids weren't locked to the ground. Was forcing takeoff an option? No... they still had her hooked up to the fuel truck and the power car. What now...?*
Narration: *Gritting her teeth in frustration, Milliela reached for the gun in her leg holster...*
Narration: *And in that moment, the assistant crew chief came running back from the ready room, his face white with shock.*
Assistant Chief: This is serious, sir! They found a pilot tied up in the toilet!
Mechanic: Say what!? I can't hear you! Speak up!
Assistant Chief: The pilot in there's an impostor! Make her stop the engine!
Mechanic: Wait, what!?
Assistant Chief: Reinforcements from Security should be getting here any minute...
Millie: ...Unhook me from the starter truck! Right fucking now!
Crew Chief: S-Stop it! What do you want!? Why on earth are you trying to steal that thing!?
Millie: Shut the hell up! Get busy while I'm still just waving my gun around! Once I'm out of bullets, I'll start using the 20mm instead!
Crew Chief: Calm down! If you can just explain why you're doing this, then...
Millie: Trying to buy time for Security!?! Do you WANT me to blow you a new asshole!?!
Crew Chief: Eeeeeaaagh! Stop it!!!
Millie: Fucking unhook me already!!! I'll kill you, shithead!!!
Soldier: This way! They're over here!!
Millie: ...Tch... Goddammit...
Narration: *A security detail armed with automatic rifles had appeared in the distance behind the maintenance crew, and was now running toward her. Things were going downhill fast.*
Narration: *She had to get into the air, even if it meant ripping free of the refuelling hose and charging harness. But as Milliela reached for the lever to close the canopy, there was a shower of sparks across the side of her helicopter.*
Millie: Shit...!
Soldier: Get out of that helicopter right now! We're authorized to shoot to kill if you don't comply!
Millie: Cut it out, dumbass! Someone's gonna get hurt!!
Soldier: Shots fired! All right, return fire! Take her out!!!
Narration: *Had she failed...?*
Narration: *If they captured her right now... well, she probably wasn't going to get off with a few days in the brig...*
Narration: *Might as well just roll the dice, then.*
Soldier: ...She just changed the rotor pitch! Is that idiot trying to force a takeoff!? Shoot her down, damn it!
Narration: *5.56mm peashooters weren't going to do much damage to a bird like this, of course. But if they calmed down and started aiming for the tail rotor, it might be a problem.*
Narration: *Pulling back slightly on the collective lever, she eased herself upward, lifting her skids 40cm off the ground...*
Narration: *...then grabbed the cyclic and stepped on the anti-torque pedal, pointing the helicopter's nose at the soldiers to show them the barrel of its 20mm machine gun.*
Narration: *Problem was, the RPMs weren't where they needed to be. Something was dragging her down - specifically, the hose and cables that tethered her to the equipment on the ground.*
Narration: *If she tried to push her way up, they'd tilt her off-balance and send her crashing to the ground. But just as she was beginning to seriously regret her recklessness... a large, shadowy figure appeared behind the soldiers.*
Millie: Wait, that's...!
Soldier: ...Gwaaah!!
Narration: *The man seemed to have come out of nowhere. Knocking the closest soldier to the ground with a single punch, he pinned him forcefully to the ground.*
Millie: ...Eddie!? What the hell are you doing here!?
Eddie: Get out of here, Milliela!!!
Millie: But...!
Eddie: Robbie told me what's going on! You can leave this to me! Get going!!
Millie: ...Thanks, Eddie!
Narration: *With a push on the collective and a gentle movement of the cyclic, Milliela jammed down on her anti-torque pedal. In response, the helicopter turned sharply in the air, twirling around the starter truck like a wire-controlled toy.*
Millie: Get the hell OFF!!!
Narration: *As if fighting a strong diagonal wind from behind, she turned the tail while carefully controlling the load on its rotor blades; and surprisingly enough, the "tethers" quickly gave way.*
Narration: *The scary part came after that.*
Narration: *The helicopter lurched off-balance like a kite that had broken free of its string. As the edges of its rotor blades drew closer and closer to the ground, Milliela felt a cold jolt of fear run down her spine.*
Millie: ...Kuh...!!
Narration: *She couldn't let herself panic. Over-controlling would only throw the helicopter even further off-balance; she had to focus on her angle and the load on her rotors, not the lurching itself.*
Narration: *Manipulating the cyclic, she redistributed the load across her blades. Lowering the pitch lever brought her skids briefly down to the ground... but despite her best efforts, the helicopter proceeded to spin sharply in a circle.*
Millie: You little...!!
Narration: *Through the cockpit's canopy, she caught a glimpse of the gaping, frightened faces of the soldiers on the ground. They were clearly expecting her to crash.*
Narration: *"...I'm not going down that easy, damn it!!"*
Narration: *Swans might look elegant, but they're always pedalling furiously under the surface of the water.*
Narration: *Helicopters weren't any different.*
Narration: *They might look like simple machines, but their pilots needed to manipulate the levers precisely; every gust of wind meant you had to dance on your pedals. Few vehicles required such precision and decisiveness to control.*
Narration: *And it was particularly difficult to regain control once you started thrashing around at a low altitude. This close to the ground, your rate of descent and airspeed weren't relevant, and the Proximity Warning System was useless.*
Narration: *There was no time to think through the individual steps she needed to take. The human brain wasn't equipped to process the act of flying a machine like this. It all came down to whether you had the "feel" for it.*
Narration: *In the course of those long, brutal training sessions, as the trainees struggled to hold their machines steady in the violent winds above the deck, a few would develop the ability to control their craft on reflex alone.*
Narration: *For these people, piloting a helicopter became as natural as moving their own arms and legs... And fortunately, Milliela counted herself among their number.*
Narration: *After a few agonizing moments, the Cobra's center of gravity settled roughly halfway between the front and rear seats, and its wild movements stabilized.*
Narration: *By now, she'd risen perhaps 15 meters off the ground. Pressing her helmet up against the side of the canopy, she looked down at the growing crowd below.*
Narration: *Some were holding fire extinguishers at the ready. Others were pointing their assault rifles in her general direction.*
Narration: *Of course, they weren't about to shoot down a US chopper over their own base. Given all the controversy about the V-22, the last thing anyone wanted was to give the local civilians a reason to kick up a fuss about their safety.*
Narration: *If they decided to shoot her down, it wouldn't happen until she got the bird out over the sea. And she just had to trust that this "Thanatos" would intervene somehow before that happened.*
Narration: *Easing the propellers into their normal cruising RPM, Milliela turned the Cobra in the direction of Tokyo, then took a final glance back down at the base.*
Narration: *The crowd was only growing larger.*
Narration: *Near the front of the group, she could see Eddie being restrained by a number of security personnel.*
Millie: ...Sorry about that, Eddie... I'll make sure to come rescue you later...
Narration: *―With a parting message the man had no way of hearing, Milliela turned her stolen helicopter and flew off toward her destination.*

Date: *August 6, 2012, 17:48 - "Ichigaya"*
Narration: *How many hours had passed since the last time they'd sedated him?*
Narration: *The lights in the ceiling were glaring down brightly, as if to prevent any possibility of sleep. Closing his eyelids wasn't enough to shut out the light; the stimulation was incredibly irritating.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, he'd experienced very similar conditions in Oslo's facilities when he was a child.*
Narration: *He already knew what he had to do. But at the moment, all he felt was an overwhelming sense of lethargy.*
Narration: *His own life was on the line, but he didn't have the willpower to stand.*
Narration: *To move his body, he needed to supply it with oxygen; but even the simple act of breathing seemed exceptionally tiresome right now. To put it plainly, being alive felt like a hassle.*
Narration: *After sinking deep enough into his ennui, he began to experience mild phantom pains. An intense itch that seemed to be coming from inside his body gave way to a fierce, persistent aching.*
Narration: *The only thing that could erase this pain was another dosage of the drugs. He'd experienced this sort of thing before, but that didn't make the continual agony any less excruciating.*
Narration: *Understandably enough, this left him in a rather foul mood. So when a harsh buzzing sound from the ceiling announced the arrival of a visitor, it seemed even more irritating than usual.*
Adam: Get out, 9029. Time for your transfer.
Yuuji: Transfer...? Where are you taking me?
Adam: I've already told you that. You're being escorted to Akasaka, where you'll face a court-martial.
Yuuji: You're just going to tell me what you've already decided. Isn't that what a "court-martial" is in America?
Adam: We've giving you a chance to accept a plea bargain, just like they would in a civilian court. Feel free to weep with gratitude. Hold out your arm.
Yuuji: What, more drugs...? My arm's starting to look to like a pincushion...
Adam: If we can't use your right arm, we'll switch to the left. And if that's no good either, we can always use your big toe instead. The choice is yours.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *His body groaning with pain, Yuuji pushed himself up off the bed, rolled back his right sleeve, and held out his arm to Adam.*
Adam: Don't get any funny ideas, you understand?
Narration: *Turning around, Adam jerked his chin in Yuuji's direction and said "let's go." Four men appeared from the hallway behind him.*
Narration: *Two of them held Yuuji down as the third, holding a syringe, began to disinfect his arm with alcohol. The fourth simply stood directly in front of him, holding a stun gun in his hands.*
Adam: I'd prefer not to make an amateurish blunder like giving my captive a chance to escape in transit. I'm sure you were planning to keep your eyes open for an opportunity, weren't you?
Yuuji: ...If you'd brought your four friends in with you from the start, I wouldn't have had to waste time thinking about it. You're one nasty piece of work, you know that?
Adam: Making people's lives miserable is basically my job. I'll take your complaints as a compliment.
Yuuji: ...Ugh... Hey, what the hell? This hurts... Why three needles at once...?
Adam: We're giving you a little something special this time. No matter how strong your resistance to drugs, this should put you under in two minutes flat. Don't bother trying to fight it... we'll wake you up once we get to Akasaka.
Yuuji: Mind letting me go to the bathroom first...? I think I might throw up...
Adam: There's a toilet right there... but the answer's no. Feel free to vomit if you need to. I don't mind.
Adam: Incidentally, no need to worry about walking. These gentlemen will be carrying you out, since you'll be bound hand and foot. Talk about the royal treatment, right? Just sit back and act like a piece of luggage.
Yuuji: ...Oh, for fuck's sake...
Thanatos: "The vehicle carrying Kazami Yuuji has now departed. They've passed Ichigaya's gates and are proceeding toward Route A."
Yumiko: The target's passed our first measurement point. Currently in motion. I confirm they're following Route A.
Yumiko: Command ship to all field operatives. Commencing the mission per Plan A. I repeat, we're commencing the mission per Plan A. Let's get started, everyone.
Sachi: "...Raid Leader Shitty Maid to Command Boat Loner. Confirming receipt of your orders. I will stand by on high alert until further instructions."
Makina: "Sniper Unit Chipmunk-face ta Command Boat Turbo-Loner! Roger that! I'll finish makin' my nest within two minutes, then wait fer yer orders!"
Yumiko: ...Command Boat Loner, roger that. Should you anticipate any problems, report to me immediately. Otherwise, maintain radio silence until directly addressed.
Sachi: "Shitty Maid here. Roger that."
Makina: "Chipmunk-face here! Rogerrrr!"
Yumiko: ...Okay, what's going on with Suou-san and Matsushima-san...?
Thanatos: "The signal from their vehicle suggests they're currently in motion, and their phones appear to be functional."
Yumiko: Transport Team Slut? Retrieval Squad DT? Please respond.
Amane: "Uh, yeah, yeah! Transport Team Slut here! Sorry about that, we're running a little bit late!"
Yumiko: ...Did you run into trouble of some sort?
Michiru: "Bwwwweeeeeeegh..."
Yumiko: W-What was that sound...?
Amane: "Sorry again! DT's so carsick that she keeps vomiting... I know we're in a hurry, but the faster I go, the more she pukes... Here y'go, DT! New barf bag!"
Michiru: "Nhoooh... blegegeeeeeeh..."
Amane: "...Seriously, how are you even vomiting this much...?"
Michiru: "Those sushi rolls we had for lunch... keep coming back uuup... mbleeeegh..."
Yumiko: ...Is she all right?
Amane: "Don't worry, I'll get us there on time one way or another. You can follow the schedule as planned."
Yumiko: "...Roger that. No alterations to the plan as of now. Everyone, proceed according to the Plan A column in your charts."
Sachi: "Shitty Maid, roger."
Makina: "Chipmunk-face, roger that!"
Narration: *With this transmission at an end, Sachi returned her Thanatos-Phone to her pocket with the line still active, and then proceeded to put on a wired headset.*
Narration: *Standing there patiently on the corner of the city street, she looked very much like a girl who'd been hired to lure customers into certain restaurants... or even a sex worker of some sort.*
Narration: *In most places, it wasn't exactly common to see a "maid" standing idly on the sidewalk. And although Sachi possessed the composure to make her presence seem almost natural, some people always jumped to unsavory conclusions.*
Narration: *It was nothing new. On several previous occasions, someone meeting her for the first time had asked if there was "some kind of event going on."*
Narration: *However, she wasn't accustomed to being approached quite so bluntly as this; so it was perhaps understandable that she initially found herself somewhat nonplussed.*
Old Guy: Ooooh... how much, honey?
Sachi: ...I beg your pardon?
Narration: *In the face of this exceptionally abrupt and impolite inquiry, Sachi tilted her head 15 degrees to the side in confusion.*
Narration: *"...Is he inquiring as to the current status of our national reserves of all-natural sweeteners?"*
Narration: *One can only speculate as to how exactly Sachi's mind had managed to reinterpret the man's question... but it seemed she'd decided he had an interest in the amount of actual "honey" located within Japan.*
Narration: *Of course, a great deal of that honey would be locked up in beehives at any given moment. Had this individual mistaken her for a bee? Was he suffering from a hallucinatory illness of some kind?*
Narration: *It did seem that he'd been indulging in alcohol recently, but he was still relatively steady on his feet. Surely mild tipsiness couldn't have caused such alarming delusions.*
Narration: *This was all rather confusing.*
Narration: *Someone had once told her that the best possible reply to an incomprehensible question was to smile vaguely... Had it been Kazami Yuuji, perhaps?*
Narration: *For lack of a better thought, Sachi smiled pleasantly at the man, and then resumed her efforts to decipher the words he'd spoken to her.*
Narration: *Putting aside the honey... to ask "how much" was surely an attempt to inquire about a quantity of some sort.*
Narration: *It would be helpful to know the units involved, at least.*
Sachi: How much... in what terms? Could you specify a unit?
Old Guy: A unit...? What the hell? Uh, yen, obviously! What are we talkin' about, 30k? I made out like a bandit at the ponies today, so I could even swing 50!
Sachi: 30,000 yen...?
Narration: *It appeared this man had been inquiring as to her own "price."*
Narration: *But of course, our value is determined by the perceptions of others, not by ourselves. To decide her own worth in financial terms would be an act of arrogance ill-befitting a mere maid.*
Narration: *However, she couldn't simply assent to any arbitrary number. Any coherent financial negotiation required someone to set a baseline figure of some kind.*
Narration: *At this point, Sachi recalled the assessment that a certain Thanatos-Phone application had made of her face.*
Sachi: Uhm, it would be 570,000 yen...
Old Guy: Five hu... holy crap! That's highway robbery, missy!!
Sachi: I assure you, it's based on a precise and objective evaluation. I do have a friend worth 50 yen... Perhaps I could refer you to her instead?
Old Guy: Okay, that's TOO cheap! Now you're just creepin' me out!!
Sachi: I see. So Michiru-sama... is inherently... creepy. Duly noted.
Old Guy: Why are you writin' that down? What's with the notebook? You're pretty damn creepy yourself, girl...
Old Guy: Forget it. You went and sobered me up... I'm headin' home for tonight...
Sachi: ...Intriguing. Outside the walls of Mihama Academy, it seems I'm "creepy" as well...
Thanatos: "I wouldn't take that to heart."
Sachi: ...Were you listening in?
Thanatos: "That man was an utter fool... 570,000 yen is an absolute steal for your own Komine Sachi. That's only a tenth the price of a single car, you know? I'd buy 100."
Sachi: Unfortunately, there's only one of me.
Thanatos: "Making more wouldn't be strictly impossible, technologically speaking."
Thanatos: "And incidentally... the people you're up against right now fully intend to make that ridiculous joke a reality."
Narration: *―A good sniper might misplace their ballistic calculator every once in a while, but they never forget their portable game console.*
Narration: *After all, a good 60% of their job consists of sitting around and waiting.*
Narration: *Another 30% involves preliminary setup and preparations. By comparison, you don't spend much time at all actually lining up your shots and pulling the trigger... or so Kazami Yuuji had always taught her.*
Narration: *Irisu Makina openly admitted that she was a rather "childish" young woman; when given nothing to do, she'd often nod off without even realizing it. In short, she wasn't particularly suited to this line of work.*
Makina: ...Kwaaah... *Yaaawn*... Hrm. Man, I'm sleepy...
Narration: *Already stifling a yawn, Makina stuffed the last of her sushi into her mouth. While chewing steadily away, she proceeded to cut at her hotel room's window - the first obstacle in the path of her bullet's intended trajectory.*
Narration: *This involved pressing a diamond-edged tool called a "circle-cutter" against the window at the height of the table she'd be using as a "platform," then rotating it slowly to grind a shallow groove in the heavy-duty glass.*
Narration: *Once that was done, she took out a "vacuum cup" that looked something like the sucker of an octopus, and pressed it to the center of her circle. When she lifted up its handle, the silicone pad adhered tightly to the glass.*
Makina: Now I just need ta pull th' handle straight back toward me... hrnnngh!
Narration: *She had to pull back so forcefully that it felt like the entire windowpane might fall in on her... But eventually, there was a sharp "pop," followed by the sound of wind rushing violently through the small hole she'd made.*
Narration: *This came as something of a relief. She'd disabled the sensor that detected any damage to the window beforehand, but if she'd messed up the cut, shards of glass might have gone tumbling down toward the street below.*
Makina: Okay, movin' on...
Narration: *Lying down on the table next to her rifle, Makina peered through her scope at the plastic ropes she'd tied up earlier... then grabbed her Thanatos phone, launched an app, and connected to her wind gauges via satellite.*
Narration: *Once the phone was receiving data, she plugged it into her laptop PC with a USB cable. Launching "Shimoheihei-chan v6.04," her digital spotter program, she set it up to process the measurements from her gauges.*
Narration: *Of course, once she was in firing position, she wouldn't have the time to glance over at the screen. Opening the options tab in the program's menu, she clicked the "voice" checkbox under its main settings.*
Shimoheihei-chan: "Hello, fuckin' newbie! Are you ready?"
Makina: <Yeah, I'm okay! It's alright!>
Shimoheihei-chan: "Good! Okay, just a minute!"
Narration: *With this cheerful reply, "Shimoheihei-chan" promptly initialized the internal lens damper of Makina's scope.*
Narration: *A moment later, she began to automatically adjust the rifle's sights based on the satellite data, taking current atmospheric conditions and Makina's experience level into account.*
Narration: *As the lens quivered and shook with each subtle hydraulic adjustment, Makina herself ripped open one of her small nitrogen-sealed packages and carefully retrieved the custom-made bullet inside it.*
Narration: *It was best to minimize the time the bullet spent exposed to the air. Quickly pulling back the bolt of her rifle, Makina slid the round into its chamber, making sure not to scratch its fragile coating.*
Makina: Awwright! First round loaded!
Narration: *Once she'd turned the rotating bar on the upper right of the grip from "S" to "F" and deactivated the safety, it was time for the final manual adjustments of her optical sights.*
Yumiko: "...Irisu-san? Can you hear me?"
Makina: Yep! Yer supposed ta call me Chipmunk-face, though.
Yumiko: "No more playing around, please. Concentrate on the mission."
Yumiko: "The vehicles carrying our target are currently approaching point 13 on route A. Are your preparations complete?"
Makina: Er, I'm ready to go, but... seriously? Ain't that earlier than expected?
Narration: *Peering through her scope, Makina immediately spotted the group of vehicles in question. They were approaching rapidly.*
Makina: Yeah, I see 'em, all right! They're movin' way faster than we expected! What the heck's goin' on here?
Yumiko: "Government vehicles have to follow the rules of the road like anyone else. We assumed they'd stick to the speed limit in order to avoid any complications with the police... Can you try to figure out what's happening?"
Makina: ...Kay. Hold on a sec...
Narration: *Grabbing her spotting scope, which offered a slightly wider viewing angle, Makina pointed it toward the convoy... and soon discovered the reason for their haste.*
Makina: Wah! Holy crap! What's the deal!? There's a car comin' in hot on th' heels of the convoy!
Yumiko: "What are you talking about!?"
Amane: "Sorry I'm late! I'll catch up in just a second!"
Makina: ...Wha... Is that you in that car, Aman-nee!? What the heck do ya think you're doin'!?
Amane: "I know, I know, I'm sorry! Michiru barfed herself to sleep, so I'm picking up the pace! I'll be there really soon!"
Makina: That's not what I meant! Ya gotta stop! Don't chase th' convoy like that, or the whole operation's gonna fall apart!
Yumiko: "What's happening!? Describe the situation!"
Makina: Ama-nee's car is... bearin' down on the convoy as we speak!!
Yumiko: "Suou-san!?"
Amane: "Whaaat!? I don't see any cars in front of me! And you shouldn't even be able to see me yet!"
Makina: ...Hweh? Then what's th' deal with that car...?
Narration: *As Makina watched through her scope, the mysterious HMV pulled up alongside the convoy. One of its windows lowered... and the barrel of a rifle emerged from within.*
Makina: What th'...?
Narration: *Something weird was happening here.*
Narration: *The very instant after this thought crossed her mind, fire burst from the rifle's barrel, and sparks danced across the side of the convoy's lead vehicle.*
Makina: Huh!? Whoaaa! They shot 'em! What the heck!?
Yumiko: "What just happened!? Report!!"
Makina: Ama-nee's car just attacked th' lead vehicle! She's pumpin' it full of lead!!
Yumiko: "Suou-san!?"
Amane: "Whaaaaaaat!? Seriously, that isn't me, okay!? I'm not even caught up to the convoy yet!"
Makina: But... what the heck is goin' on, then...?
Thanatos: "We have a complication. Case C - armed intervention by a third party. I propose a transition to Plan B."
Yumiko: "Plan B!? You want us to change the point of attack this late in the game!?"
Amane: "Wait, what!? What are you talking about!? Can you please explain!?"
Yumiko: "I knew it was a possibility, but honestly... trouble always finds us at the most inopportune possible moments..."
Yumiko: "In any case, we're abandoning Plan A! Switch to Plan B on your charts!"
Makina: Ah! Th' lead vehicle just flipped on its side! Totally immobilized! The rest of th' escort vehicles had ta stop too! It's total madness, man!!
Yumiko: "Where did they come to a halt!?"
Makina: Sotobori-dori! Near th' Prudential Tower!
Yumiko: "Can you hit them from your current position!?"
Makina: It's a way longer shot than I was prepared for, okay!? We're talkin' 1500 meters plus! I could create a diversion, but hittin' em isn't an option!
Yumiko: "Komine-san! Are you hearing this!?"
Sachi: "Yes. Your voice loud and clear."
Yumiko: "Can you run to the scene on foot!?"
Sachi: "That's certainly an option. I'm currently in front of the New Kokusai West building... If I head through the Sannoushita intersection, I'd only have to travel 600 meters. I can be there in about two minutes."
Thanatos: "Hold on a moment. The group that attacked the convoy is probably an armed assault squad dispatched by Heath Oslo himself. Sending Komine Sachi in alone won't accomplish anything."
Amane: "But... they're gonna get Yuuji unless we do something fast! I'll get there as soon as I can, okay!?"
Makina: The attackin' group has a total of three vehicles! They're deployin' armed personnel... Th' convoy trucks are completely surrounded! Uh... one, two, three... Eight attackers in total! They're carryin' automatic rifles!
Makina: What now!? Should I just take a shot while I can!? I'd hafta cut a new hole in th' window, so you gotta let me know ASAP!
Yumiko: "......"
Makina: Yumi-chan!? Are ya listenin' to me!?
Yumiko: "Hold on... No, I can't authorize that. You're still on standby."
Makina: Standby!? They're gonna get Onii-chan unless we do somethin'!
Yumiko: "Don't worry. They have no intention of killing him."
Sachi: "But... at this rate, they're going to steal him away."
Yumiko: "Yes. And we're going to let that happen."
Amane: "What!? What are you saying!?"
Yumiko: "They were intercepted a full 600 meters before our intended point of attack, all right?"
Yumiko: "Our sniper isn't prepared for a shot at such extreme range, our raid team would have to sprint just to reach the site... And even if we somehow managed to regain Kazami-kun, our getaway vehicle isn't on the scene yet."
Yumiko: "Given all this, our only option is to allow them to capture Kazami-kun... and then hope they'll carry him to the goal for us."
Thanatos: "True. It's certainly risky, but it's the most realistic plan by far."
Yumiko: "The main problem is that we don't know which way they'll flee after capturing Kazami-kun..."
Makina: The assault team secured their target! They dragged Onii-chan outta th' transport vehicle and took him back to their trucks! Vehicles are now on th' move! They're headin' toward Tameike-Sanno!
Thanatos: "They're probably going to continue along Sotobori-dori toward the Toranomon district, rather than turning toward the Sacos building..."
Yumiko: "This isn't good... If they keep going straight, we won't be able to stop them..."
Yumiko: "Irisu-san! Can you hit the Sannoushita Intersection from your current position!?"
Makina: Yeah, fer sure! It's 200 meters more than expected, but I've got a pretty straight shot! I should be able ta adjust!
Yumiko: "You've got to stop that assault team there, no matter what!"
Makina: Roger! I'll give it a shot! Gimme one minute, mkay!?
Yumiko: "You have 30 seconds!"
Makina: Gotcha!!
Yumiko: "Komine-san! As you just heard, the new point of attack will be the Sannoushita Intersection! Run over there immediately!"
Sachi: "I'm already on my way! I should be there within a minute!"
Yumiko: Once you get close, stand by and wait for instructions! Don't panic and jump in prematurely!
Sachi: "Shitty Maid, roger that!"
Yumiko: That just leaves you, Suou-san! Where are you at the moment!?
Amane: "Aoyama-dori, near Gaien! I'm going as fast as I can, but the roads are congested!"
Yumiko: Thanatos, can you manipulate the traffic signals for us?
Thanatos: "I could try... but if traffic's the major issue, it won't save her that much time."
Amane: "It might be faster if I take a detour toward Nogisaka for a while!"
Yumiko: Just get there in five minutes or less, please!
Yumiko: Irisu-san! Are you ready!? Irisu-san!?
Makina: "Yuuuus!! I'm workin' on it, okay!? Hngrh... why, you little...!"
Yumiko: What on earth are you doing!?
Makina: "I'm repositionin' my friggin' table, all right!? Ya got some nerve switchin' around th' point of attack at th' last minute! My job's hard enough already! Fer real!"
Yumiko: How much longer do you need!?
Makina: "Shimoheihei-chan!"
Shimoheihei-chan: "...Ten seconds."
Makina: "Another ten seconds!"
Yumiko: Hurry it up!!
Travis: Well, hello there, Kazami-kun. It's a pleasure to meet you. Thanks so much for choosing Oslo's Taxi Service!
Yuuji: ...I don't remember calling you, actually.
Travis: That's a surprise... You're still alert enough to speak, even with all those sedatives in your system? Pretty damn tough, aren't you?
Travis: Then again, I guess you probably built up a resistance from having that stuff pumped into you ever since you were a kid. Can't say I feel particularly envious.
Yuuji: ...You sure like to chatter... Let me guess, are you Italian...?
Travis: It's not like all Italian men are talkative, you know? We've got plenty of quiet types too.
Yuuji: Yeah... I used to know an Italian who barely ever said a word, even when you spoke to him...
Travis: Always seemed kind of sullen, so you never knew what he was thinking... but if you asked him, he'd just say "get a cluuuue," right?
Travis: That was my big brother, actually.
Yuuji: ...You're Jason's brother...? I don't see much of a resemblance...
Travis: He took after Dad, but I got my looks from Mom. Honestly, I'm pretty glad he inherited the old man's baldness...
Yuuji: Cut it out... Just thinking about that greasy dome is making me nauseous...
Travis: What's this? You another one of those kids he used to pick on in our close-combat training? My brother's been dead for years, but his old enemies still have it out for me... I could really do without any more of that.
Yuuji: ...Did you kidnap me just so you could prattle on about this stupid crap?
Travis: Oh, don't be silly...
Travis: Oslo-san is the one who needs a word with you, not me. I'm just picking you up on his behalf. A simple delivery job, with one drug-addled young man as the package.
Travis: In any case... I'm sure you aren't planning on running away under these circumstances, but I did take some insurance measures anyway. Take a look at your right arm.
Yuuji: ...This is one hideous bracelet...
Travis: Yep. Can't say I disagree with you there. But what can you expect, really? Our technicians made the thing, not some fashion designer. Try to cut them some slack.
Yuuji: ...You've got this thing on way too tight... Mind loosening it up a little...?
Travis: Sorry, no can do. It needs to be in contact with your wrist so it can monitor your pulse and temperature. If we loosen it up, it's going to explode.
Yuuji: What? It's a bomb...?
Travis: There's 1000 milligrams of hafnium packed inside that bracelet, as it happens. From what the techs tell us, that's more than enough to annihilate everything in a 1500-meter radius.
Travis: See that panel on the outside that looks like a clock? That would be the timer for the bomb. The countdown's already started, so you've got about six hours until it explodes.
Travis: Any clumsy attempts to disarm the bomb will just set it off. And even if you decided to cut off your own hand... it'll explode the instant it stops detecting your pulse and body heat.
Travis: The only way to remove that thing is by unlocking it with a key. Naturally, Oslo-san has that key in his possession. Unless you go see him, the bomb's not coming off.
Travis: Basically, even if you somehow managed to escape, you'll have to go see Oslo-san anyway.
Yuuji: ...I see... Pretty damn thorough of you...
Travis: Not to worry, you should be seeing each other in three hours or so. I'm sure he'll take it off for you in person.
Yuuji: ...Hmph...
Narration: *I'd looked the bracelet over from multiple angles while listening to that explanation, and there was in fact a small slot that seemed to be a keyhole.*
Narration: *It was a dimple-type electronic lock, not a simple cylinder like those you'd find in the doors of a normal home. Pushing a pair of tweezers in there would probably set off the bomb instantly.*
Narration: *Chopping off my hand wouldn't do much good if the thing blew up as soon as it lost my vital signs. And even if I managed to remove it, I couldn't toss it on the side of the road somewhere with that countdown still running.*
Narration: *And if Oslo had the only key... at the end of the day, I didn't have much choice but to go see him.*
Narration: *...Then again, I'd been planning to find him anyway. There wasn't much point complaining if he'd decided to give me a ride, was there?*
Narration: *Five hours and fifty-six minutes remaining until detonation...*
Yumiko: They've passed the observation point on Route B! Hurry up!
Makina: "I'm workin' on it, okay!?"
Narration: *Frustrated by the excessive weight of her hotel room's "luxurious" table, Makina ended up forcefully kicking it into its new position.*
Narration: *She'd painstakingly set it up at the perfect angle using a tape measure and a spirit level, but now all that work was meaningless. Hopefully her high-quality "tools" would pull her through... with a little help from Shimoheihei-chan.*
Narration: *Hopping up onto the sloppily repositioned table, Makina peered through her scope at the group of vehicles heading for the Sannoushita Intersection.*
Makina: Shimoheihei-chan! Ready yet!?
Shimoheihei-chan: "Impact point confirmed. Re-calculation complete."
Makina: Alriiiight! Ready ta fire!!!
Yumiko: "Your targets will be passing the Sannoushita Intersection one minute from now! Stop them in their tracks!"
Makina: Gotcha! I'm gonna start us off with a test shot, mmkay!?
Yumiko: "Do you really have the time to be doing that!?"
Makina: Beats goin' in dry! Unless I compensate fer any calculation errors, there's no tellin' if I'll hit a thing!
Yumiko: "It's your call..."
Makina: Shimoheihei-chan, I'm firin'!
Shimoheihei-chan: "OK! Get 'em good!"
Narration: *―She had six rounds to work with.*
Narration: *The plan had always been to use the first bullet for a test shot, so that she could get a feel for the nature of her tools and the distance to her target.*
Narration: *Fortunately, Makina had considered the possibility she'd miss the convoy at the planned point of attack. While biking around earlier, she'd left a zeroing target at Sannoushita, which seemed like a reasonable fallback site.*
Makina: ...Didn't really think... I'd end up havin' ta shoot "him"...
Narration: *The target in question was a stuffed Tunafish Man toy.*
Narration: *Makina had won it for herself at a Mishima Cape summer festival some time ago. It meant a great deal to her.*
Narration: *Why, one might ask, had she chosen to use something she cared about for this purpose? Simple enough: she was trying to motivate herself to succeed with her first shot.*
Narration: *The last thing she wanted was to shoot her Tunafish Man.*
Narration: *It was a sentimental keepsake that reminded her of a happy day she'd spent with Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *What's more, winning it had helped her awaken to her own talents. It was far more than just a "stuffed animal."*
Narration: *Had she never laid eyes on that toy, she wouldn't have been lying on this table with her hands wrapped around this rifle.*
Narration: *"Thank you, Tunafish Man."*
Narration: *Faced with the knowledge that she had to destroy something dear to her heart, Makina permitted herself to wallow in pathos for a brief moment.*
Makina: ...Farewell, Tunafish Man... It's friggin' tragic, but... this is goodbye...
Narration: *After inhaling and exhaling eight times, Makina stopped breathing entirely. Her reticule settled on the prone figure of Tunafish Man; and silent as snow falling in the night, she pulled the trigger.*
Driver: ...Hmm? What's with the lead car...?
Travis: Unit One, what's the matter? Why are you slowing down?
Driver: Travis-san, look at that... there's a suspicious object on the median up ahead. They seem to be concerned by that...
Travis: What is that thing...? Some kind of doll?
Driver: Shall we give it a wide berth?
Travis: Hmph. It's probably just some toy that fell out the back of a moving van. You people are getting paranoid. Get Unit One on the radio and tell them to ignore...
Driver: ...Whoa! It exploded!?
Travis: No... it's a sniper! That's an anti-materiel rifle! Don't slow down... Step on it!
Shimoheihei-chan: "Bullseye!! Good kill!"
Makina: Wohoh, amazin'... Barely made any adjustments, an' that's still a bingo...
Narration: *She'd been ready to abandon the mission and withdraw if the shot had gone so far off-target that she couldn't observe the point of impact; but the performance of the rifle had exceeded her expectations.*
Narration: *Instantly registering the precise location where the bullet had struck Tunafish Man, Shimoheihei-chan automatically began the post-zeroing adjustment process.*
Narration: *In the meantime, Makina pulled back on the bolt handle to force out the empty cartridge, and promptly loaded her next round - which she'd already unsealed and left sitting next to her on the table.*
Makina: ...Gotta say, though... the kick ain't as bad as I thought, but it still friggin' hurts...
Narration: *The muzzle brake had vented a significant amount of highly-compressed propellent gases sideways as the bullet left the barrel, but the stock still dug painfully into her shoulder.*
Narration: *Even with the kickback dramatically reduced, she wouldn't be able to fire many shots in quick succession before the pain and numbness began to affect her aim.*
Narration: *In other words, she needed to finish her task quickly.*
Narration: *Her primary targets were the convoy's three humvees. Kazami Yuuji was in the middle vehicle.*
Narration: *First of all, she needed to take out the lead vehicle's engine and bring it to a halt.*
Makina: ...Can ya hear my rifle roar!? That's the cry of a woman who wants her family back! Get yer filthy paws off that man... He belongs ta ME!!
Narration: *As Makina closed her weak eye to protect it from the orange flash of the muzzle brake, another bullet burst out of the barrel.*
Narration: *The penetrator rounds she'd been issued were designed to punch through thick armor with remarkable speed, but it still took six to seven seconds for them to reach their target at this distance.*
Narration: *By the time it reached the end of its steady parabola, the bullet was capable of easily ripping through almost any armor - even the thick plating of a "bulletproof" military vehicle.*
Narration: *Finding its target at last, the penetrator easily pierced the hood of the leading humvee... and instantly destroyed the engine's cylinder block.*
Narration: *Coolant sprayed from the pulverized water jacket, evaporating into thick white smoke as it came into contact with the intense heat generated by the other machinery.*
Narration: *The bullet had ricocheted violently inside the motor itself, ripping its way through to the crankshaft and bringing the engine to a complete halt.*
Driver: Unit One's stopped dead! They took a shot to the engine!!
Travis: ...Damn it!! Drive around them! Don't you dare stop!
Narration: *An instant after those words left Travis' mouth, another bullet hit the hood of his own humvee, the second vehicle in the convoy.*
Narration: *With its source of power abruptly cut off, the humvee was forced to decelerate by its own wet clutch system. As the driveshaft let out an ugly rattling sound, all four wheels locked up, bringing them to a jarring halt.*
Narration: *The white smoke pouring out of the destroyed engine made it all but impossible to see what was happening in front of them.*
Driver: We're hit! The engine's dead!!
Travis: Don't get out of the humvee! Get Unit Three in front of us! Call for backup immediately!
Driver: But... at this rate, they're just going to pick us off one by one...!
Driver: Uwaaah!!
Narration: *The harsh sound of metal striking metal echoed loudly throughout the interior of the humvee as another bullet ripped through its fuel tank.*
Driver: They hit our tank! It's leaking gasoline... We're in serious danger!!
Travis: ...Damn it! No point letting them roast us alive... Get Kazami Yuuji out of here and move him into Unit Three!
Driver: Unit Three's been hit as well! It can't move!
Travis: Either way, get him out of the car!!
Yumiko: Command ship to all field operatives! All enemy vehicles have been disabled! They're dragging our target out of the middle humvee! Additionally, our target appears to be bound and immobilized! Raid Unit, keep that in mind!
Yumiko: Raid leader, Shitty Maid! Initiate armed assault!!
Sachi: "...Roger that..."
Travis: God damn it! We can't even make the kid walk with his feet tied up like this!! Hey, someone give me a hand over here!!
Driver: Get down, Travis-san! That sniper's still out there!
Travis: Shut the hell up, idiot! Did you call for backup or not!?
Travis: ...What the...!?
Driver: Grenade!!
Narration: *As the men reflexively dropped to the ground and covered their heads, the can-shaped object in question burst apart.*
Narration: *Copious amounts of white smoke poured out from within it.*
Narration: *A second, third, and fourth can followed in steady succession, quickly covering the entire area in an impenetrably dense fog.*
Travis: It's a smokescreen! They're going to charge us... Be careful!
Narration: *In the midst of this dense smoke cloud, where visibility was non-existent... Komine Sachi stood with her eyes closed, calmly breathing in and out as she carried out her mental countdown.*
Narration: *Seven seconds.*
Narration: *Seven seconds after the smokescreen was deployed, the resulting confusion and panic would reach their peak.*
Narration: *Under circumstances like these, properly-trained personnel who knew an attack was coming would take about seven seconds to decide whether it was wisest to stand their ground or to retreat and regroup.*
Narration: *Charge in before that, and you'd find them dangerously alert and quick to react; charge in after that, and you'd find them comparatively calm and prepared for your assault.*
Narration: *...Seven... six... five... four... three... two... one...*
Sachi: ...Zero...
Sachi: Komine Sachi... initiating armed assault...
Narration: *Lifting up the skirt of her maid outfit, Komine Sachi curtsied politely... and then took her first step into the smoke-clogged intersection.*
Travis: ...*Cough!* *Hack!* What's going on!? Report!!
Driver: ...Ugh!!
Travis: What's wrong!?
Guard: Uwaaaah!! We're under attack!!
Travis: Stop it! Don't fire your rifles!!
Narration: *"What the hell's going on!?"*
Narration: *Hadn't everything been worked out with the Japanese government in advance?*
Narration: *This sudden sneak attack was the last thing Travis had been expecting.*
Narration: *On the assumption this would be a simple job, he'd thrown together a crew of poorly-trained thugs and set off without making any real preparations.*
Narration: *But now, as his men shrieked in panic and fired their assault rifles blindly into the smoke... Travis found himself remembering something Oslo had told him once: "a single incompetent soldier can bring down a whole army."*
Narration: *Eventually, a stray bullet fired by one cowardly fool happened to hit an ally; and the other men, mistaking this for an enemy attack, began to return fire.*
Travis: Calm down! Stop firing! We're just going to hit each other! *Hack!* *Wheeze!*
Narration: *His throat burning and eyes stinging, Travis peered out into the smoke... and shuddered as he glimpsed "something" moving through it.*
Narration: *"...Is that... the enemy?"*
Narration: *The shadowy figure slipped its way around them in an instant, like a shark cruising beneath the surface of a gloomy grey sea... and quietly disappeared back into the thick clouds of smoke, leaving only terror in its wake.*
Sachi: ...If you want to take something away from someone... you should be prepared to have something taken from you in return...
Travis: ...Who are you!?
Sachi: ...You may think of yourself as a predator... but that doesn't mean you can't be preyed upon...
Narration: *The voice came from a different direction every time Travis heard it.*
Narration: *Almost like a shark slowly circling around its target, it was drawing closer and closer, cutting off his potential routes of escape.*
Travis: Fucking asshole...
Narration: *"...Calm down. You can't start firing off warning shots in this smoke... Wait until you get a good look at the enemy..."*
Narration: *He could feel sweat oozing out of his hands as he clenched his rifle tightly.*
Narration: *Concerned that the moisture might cause a fatal slip, he removed one hand to wipe it against the front of his pants... and in that very moment, his foe suddenly appeared.*
Travis: W-Wha...!?
Narration: *Flustered, Travis tried to grab his rifle once more, but his mind was too occupied with trying to process the sight before him.*
Narration: *"...Is that... a maid!?"*
Narration: *A maid with a gas mask on her face and two kitchen knives in her hands was rushing through the smoke straight at him.*
Narration: *There was simply no other way to describe what he was seeing.*
Travis: What... the hell...?
Narration: *Momentarily dumbfounded by the appearance of this exceptionally bizarre enemy, Travis was slow to react to her charge.*
Travis: W-Who the hell are you, woman!?
Narration: *Finally pulling himself together, he grasped his weapon firmly and tried to point it at the maid...*
Narration: *But in that same instant, her knife cut violently through the rifle's plastic lower receiver and into the mag well.*
Travis: ...Kuh...!!
Narration: *With the weight of her body pressing on the weapon from above, it was impossible to lift the barrel. Why couldn't he overpower this small, slender woman?*
Sachi: ...How very peculiar... She doesn't seem to be pushing down particularly hard, but I can't seem to shake her off...
Sachi: Very perplexing, yes...? I felt the same way the first time I experienced this...
Travis: ...Damn it!!
Narration: *Somehow, this maid had stopped him dead using only the knife in her right hand.*
Narration: *It might have been wisest to cast the rifle aside, but his hands wouldn't loosen their grip on the stock and barrel. The more he tried to let go, the harder he clutched his weapon.*
Narration: *The maid hadn't cast a magic spell on him, of course. It was nothing more than a martial-arts technique.*
Narration: *She was leveraging the weight of their bodies against him, controlling the fulcrum so that his desperate attempts to stay on his feet only increased the force bearing down on him.*
Narration: *Travis had experienced this sort of thing all too often while training with his older brother. What had Jason taught him to do in situations like these...?*
Narration: *The only thing Travis could remember at the moment was his brother forcefully bellowing the word "Balance!!" at him.*
Narration: *Oslo had always admired how "taciturn" Jason was... but in retrospect, Travis seriously wished the man had been a bit more eloquent.*
Narration: *Travis had never beaten his brother in a hand-to-hand fight. When it came to verbal conflicts, however, he always came out on top.*
Narration: *In that case... why not try using his tongue to get him out of this mess?*
Travis: ...Mind telling me your name...?
Sachi: ...It's Sachi...
Travis: ...Shachi...?
Sachi: Not Shachi, Sachi... and I'm a shark, not an orca...
Travis: What the hell does that mean!?!
Sachi: Unlike shachi, the killer whale... sharks don't toy with their prey...
Travis: Wha...?
Narration: *The silhouette of the combat maid who'd introduced herself as "Shachi" swayed slightly.*
Narration: *Out of the corner of his eye, Travis saw the knife in her left hand moving toward his vulnerable carotid artery.*
Travis: ...Kuh...!
Narration: *"She's going to kill me...!!"*
Narration: *The moment this thought ran through his head, the arm bearing that knife twisted smoothly around... and slammed into his throat elbow-first.*
Travis: ...Gagh!
Narration: *His neck had already tensed up in fear of the blade; her elbow dug deeply into it and jarred his chin forcefully.*
Narration: *As the impact shook his brain, Travis' legs gave out beneath him, and he crumbled to the ground.*
Narration: *When his face slammed into the asphalt, he finally realized she'd knocked him off his feet.*
Narration: *At the moment, that was just about the only thing his brain was capable of processing.*
Narration: *This was bad. Very bad. He understood that much on a deep, primitive level, but he still couldn't even manage to stand.*
Narration: *His field of vision grew smaller and smaller, until he was peering out at the world through a pinhole...*
Narration: *And as the adrenaline began to bleed slowly out of his brain, Travis surrendered himself to unconsciousness.*
Sachi: Kazami-san! Are you all right!?
Yuuji: ...*Cough!* *Hack!*
Sachi: Please pull yourself together! Can you stand...?
Yuuji: ...Haha... who the hell are you, and what's with the maid outfit...? Hope Sachi hasn't started a trend or something...
Sachi: Rest assured, that is not the case. I'm Komine Sachi herself.
Narration: *Her outfit was familiar. Her voice was familiar. And when she removed her mask, the familiar face of a classmate emerged before my eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Hold on, is that actually you...? Am I seeing things? Why would you be here...?
Sachi: I came to rescue you!
Yuuji: Ah, that a fact...? Sounds good... I was just thinking I could do with a rescue right about now...
Sachi: Wait just a moment. I'll cut you free at once.
Driver: ...Guh... dammit...
Yuuji: Sachi! Behind you!
Sachi: Ah...!! Look out, Kazami-san!!
Narration: *Instantly spreading out the skirt of her maid outfit, Sachi leaned forward to throw it over me protectively.*
Narration: *―When an obstacle lies in your master's path, become the sword that removes it.*
Narration: *When a blade is turned on your master, become the shield that deflects it―*
Narration: *Those were the fundamentals of the maid philosophy, as routinely espoused by Komine Sachi.*
Narration: *And in this moment, the sincerity of her words had finally been proven.*
Narration: *The harsh sound of an assault rifle firing filled the air, accompanied by the tinkle of empty cartridges against the pavement.*
Narration: *The dull impacts I felt through Sachi's body were proof she'd shielded me against the gunfire.*
Sachi: ...Hmph...! Guh...!!
Yuuji: Sachi!!
Narration: *Still wrapped in Sachi's embrace, I felt my hand brush against something cold and metallic inside her skirt. Reflexively, I pulled it free; and clumsily raising my numb arm, I hurled it in the direction of the gunfire.*
Driver: ...Gwaah!!
Narration: *I didn't even know exactly what I had thrown.*
Narration: *Even so, my blind throw somehow found its mark, piercing the throat of our assailant.*
Narration: *As the sound of the gunfire ceased, I hurriedly pushed myself up; Sachi rolled off me and fell to the ground.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi! Can you hear me!?!
Narration: *At a glance, I saw countless holes in the back of her maid uniform.*
Narration: *Oslo's men were only using 5.56mm NATO rounds, but she'd been hit far too many times.*
Narration: *The sight filled my drug-clouded mind with a red-hot mixture of rage and terror.*
Sachi: ...Ugh...
Yuuji: Sachi! Sachi! Are you all right!?
Sachi: ...Guh. Ow, ow, ow... Bulletproof vests may keep projectiles from passing through you, but getting shot still hurts quite badly. It feels like someone's jabbed hot iron pokers into my back...
Yuuji: Are you crazy, woman!? This isn't why I taught you how to use a knife! Explain yourself! Who ordered you to do this!?
Sachi: I'm acting on my own initiative, thank you very much. And honestly, why do you think I was forced to such extremes in the first place!?
Yuuji: If you've got an excuse, then let's hear it...
Sachi: It's entirely your fault!
Yuuji: Wait, what...?
Sachi: What am I to you, Kazami-san!?
Yuuji: An entertaining classmate...?
Sachi: ...Just as I thought.
Sachi: However... from my perspective, you are my one and only "master"... This might sound somewhat extreme... but if I were to lose you, I wouldn't know who to ask for permission to continue breathing...
Yuuji: That's just ridiculous...
Sachi: While I hate to "pass the buck," please allow me to express my honest feelings... You're the one who made me this way!
Sachi: And then, of course, you went off like a fool and got yourself captured by the enemy! Isn't it only natural that I should use all the skills I possess in order to save you!?
Yuuji: True enough. So at the end of the day, I'm to blame for this...?
Sachi: Exactly. Let's see some contrition, you numbskull!
Yuuji: ...Hrm... Sorry, Sachi... guess I've made life hard for you...
Sachi: I'm not in the wrong, am I?
Yuuji: No...
Sachi: I'm a good girl, aren't I? A very good girl?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Sachi: In that case, I must issue a firm demand that you immediately caress my cranium!
Yuuji: Uh... is this really the time for that?
Sachi: It doesn't matter if you love me or despise me... it doesn't matter whether we are mutually attracted...
Sachi: Such matters are entirely irrelevant, don't you see?
Sachi: I am simply yours. I am simply your maid.
Sachi: That role is enough for me, and to ask for anything more would only complicate things...
Yuuji: What exactly are you getting at here?
Sachi: It's very simple, really. If you don't want me, then at least take the time to cast me aside!
Sachi: So long as you don't reject me, I will never leave you...
Sachi: Like a dog who can't understand it's been abandoned, I'll follow you no matter how far you go... no matter how many times you leave me...
Yuuji: ...Sachi... are you crying...?
Sachi: Of course not... we don't have the time for that at present. We need to withdraw immediately... so my tears can wait a while longer.
Narration: *Even as she spoke, Sachi was retrieving an enormous pair of wire cutters from inside the skirt of her uniform. She promptly began to sever the stainless-steel bands that had fixed me in place.*
Sachi: ...I've cut your legs free. Let me see your hands now, please...
Yuuji: Hold on a second. You can cut the restraints, but don't touch the bracelet. It's a bomb...
Sachi: ...A bomb...?
Narration: *Her ears pricking up at that ominous word, Sachi leaned forward to study the metal band around my right wrist.*
Sachi: ...I don't think we can remove this immediately... if it's even possible to do so...
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Sachi: Kazami-san...? Are you injured?
Yuuji: ...They drugged the hell out of me, so my mind's a little foggy... It takes some effort just to stay awake...
Sachi: In any case, our first priority is to make our escape...
Yuuji: How are we going to do that...?
Sachi: Our getaway vehicle should be picking us up any second now... but unfortunately, they aren't here yet...
Makina: "...Sacchin!? Sacchin!? What's goin' on down there!? I can't see through all that smoke! If yer still alive, then say somethin'!"
Sachi: I'm still breathing, Maki-chan. I've successfully rescued Kazami-san. Where's our getaway vehicle?
Yumiko: "They'll be on-site very soon! If you're able to move, take refuge somewhere and..."
Makina: "I got a visual on a vehicle speedin' toward the scene! Is that Ama-nee!?"
Yumiko: "What kind of a vehicle was it!? Can you tell!?"
Makina: "I dunno, I only got a glimpse! I think it was black, though!?"
Thanatos: "That's not it, then. They're almost certainly enemy reinforcements."
Makina: "Arrgh, geez! What the hell are Ama-nee and Chiruchiru doin'!?"
Reinforcements: ...There they are! This way!!
Sachi: Well, this is certainly less than ideal... Kazami-san, can you stand?
Yuuji: I'll deal with them somehow... For now, you need to get out of here, Sachi...
Sachi: Take hold of my shoulder, please. I'll help you walk...
Yuuji: Okay, look... are you even listening to me...?
Makina: "More enemies comin' in! It's a white one, this time... Headin' in there REAL fast! What now, man!? I don't have any bullets left! I can't stop 'em!"
Yumiko: "What kind of vehicle is it!?"
Makina: "I don't friggin' know, okay!? It's white and kinda small! A mini-car, maybe!?"
Yumiko: "They made it! That's Suou-san's vehicle!!"
Makina: "Whaaat!? You serious!?"
Narration: *―The "white devil" is no myth.*
Narration: *At a glance, it might appear to be a perfectly commonplace mini-truck of the sort you'll find all over Japan...*
Narration: *But in truth, it's a thoroughbred sprinter, designed to tear down the roughest farm roads at incomparable speeds.*
Narration: *When a peaceful elderly farmer takes the wheel, it offers them a profoundly gentle and easy ride...*
Narration: *And when a fiery youngster slams down on its gas pedal, it rushes confidently down the bumpiest of roads, pulling two meters ahead of the competition with every shift in gear.*
Narration: *This unmatched driveability, founded in refined technology developed over long years of effort, made it an angel in the hands of some drivers... and a devil in the hands of others.*
Narration: *This was the weapon that had been provided to Suou Amane ― the Yonbar truck, crown jewel of the Nubaru corporation.*
Narration: *Cast-iron rotors glowing red as Amane jammed down on its sintered metal brake pads, the monstrous vehicle sliced through the smoke and appeared quite suddenly before them.*
Amane: Sorry we're laaate! Get in pronto! We gotta get out of here!!
Sachi: Kazami-san can't stand! I need a hand with him!!
Amane: Michiru!
Michiru: ...Blurp... Bleeeeegh...
Amane: How long are you going to keep barfing!? Get a move on!
Michiru: Yeah, yeah! I'm going!!
Sachi: I'll take his torso! Michiru-sama, you get his legs!
Michiru: We'll lift him into the back on three, okay!? One... Two...
Michiru: ...Three!!
Yuuji: ...Guh...!!
Makina: "Armed personnel emergin' from the new enemy vehicle! There's six of 'em, and they've got rifles! Get runnin' already!"
Amane: Is everybody inside!?
Sachi: ...We're all in the vehicle!
Amane: All right! We're gonna run like crazy, everyone! Hold on tight so you don't fall out!
Sachi: The road ahead's blocked off by the enemy's trucks!!
Amane: Yeah, I know!
Narration: *With a light step on the accelerator, Amane quickly threw the car into reverse, roughly released the clutch, and began to drive backward as fast as she could.*
Michiru: ...What!? Amane! We're going backward! You're in reverse!!
Amane: I'm aware of that, thanks! What do you want me to do? The enemy's in front of us!
Reinforcements: They're making a run for it!! After them!! Don't let them get away!!
Michiru: They're coming after us! What now!?
Amane: There's no time to turn around! We're gonna have to keep going like this!
Narration: *With the truck still in reverse, Amane pressed the gas pedal to the floor.*
Narration: *While a CVT car could seamlessly adjust the gear ratio in this scenario, the Yonbar's reverse was even "shorter" than its low gears. No matter how hard the engine worked, they weren't going to break 60 kilometers an hour...*
Narration: *And as she over-revved the engine well past the maker's maximum recommended RPM, the valve springs could no longer keep up, causing periodic surging.*
Amane: The valves are starting to jump on me!! We can't keep this up for long!!
Amane: ...Aw, crap. The engine's overheating too! The radiator can't get any air when we're going in reverse!
Michiru: Amane! They're ahead of us!! Look out!!
Amane: Wagh! No way! They're shooting at us! Get down, everyone!!
Narration: *The Yonbar had been remodeled; there was bulletproof foam between the outer panels and the internal frame, and the windows were reinforced with polycarbonate. Still, they wouldn't last long if the enemy started hitting their tires.*
Amane: Sacchan, can you buy me some time somehow!? I just need a chance to turn us around!
Sachi: ..."Somehow" is not particularly specific...
Narration: *In response to Amane's request, Sachi pushed her hands into the pockets of her skirt and began to rifle around inside them.*
Sachi: My plan would be somewhat violent. Is that all right with you?
Amane: I don't care what you do! Just do it, and fast!!
Sachi: Commander Sakaki. Requesting authorization for the use of deadly force...
Yumiko: "You have permission! But try not to kill anyone if you can help it!"
Sachi: Understood.
Narration: *"Oh well. If you insist... tee hee hee..."*
Narration: *With a fearless smirk on her face that spoke louder than words, Sachi retrieved a number of handmade pipe bombs from within her skirt.*
Narration: *The bombs marked with red tape were filled with ball bearings; those with blue tape would disperse tear gas; and those with white tape contained thermite.*
Narration: *However, given that she'd been told to avoid fatalities where possible, none of these were really an option, especially in an urban environment. Instead, Sachi picked out the pipes she'd marked with bright pink tape.*
Narration: *These particular bombs were in fact non-lethal stun grenades. There was no telling how effective they'd be against their pursuers, but at the very least, they would serve as something of a bluff.*
Narration: *Taking a gas lighter from her pocket, she lit the fuses of several grenades, then waited until the very last moment to hurl them back at the lead pursuit vehicle.*
Sachi: They're going to explode! Cover your eyes, everyone!
Narration: *The instant her bombs hit the windshield of the pursuing humvee, they blew apart.*
Narration: *Temporarily blinded by a retina-scarring flash of light, the enemy driver reflexively slammed on his brake pedal.*
Amane: Now's our chance!! I'm turning, guys! Make sure you hang on tight!!
Narration: *Quickly turning the steering wheel, Amane used the hand brake to manipulate the Yonbar's weight, pivoting it 180 degrees around the rear outer tire.*
Narration: *The light little truck swayed violently as it whipped through the turn. But before its weight could settle evenly, she stepped lightly on the accelerator, then threw it into second gear as soon as she'd picked up enough RPM.*
Narration: *And finally, just as the truck was completing its turn, she kicked sharply down on the clutch, forcing the engine into the effective range of the supercharger - and earning herself a dramatic boost in power.*
Amane: All riiight! Let's run for it! Sorry, guys... nobody's beating ME at a game of tag!
Yumiko: "Suou-san!? You've diverged from our established escape route! Where are you headed!?"
Amane: Maybe out onto Aoyama-dori, for now!?
Yumiko: "The situation's changed quite a lot. We'll try to work out a new escape route..."
Thanatos: "First a firefight, now you're throwing bombs... Things have gotten a bit too loud, I'm afraid. The police are beginning to deploy... I'll have to transmit false reports to their radios."
Amane: I don't mind following a new escape route, but don't we have to meet up with Makina!? We're heading directly away from Sacos!
Yumiko: "We'll have to alter your rendezvous point, yes. Irisu-san, you need to withdraw immediately! Gather your equipment within the next two minutes and leave the building. Head for Ota Ward on your bicycle!"
Sachi: Oh! If you're heading that way, I'd appreciate it if you could remove the container I left hidden in the park there.
Makina: "I mean, that's fine with me... but Ota Ward's kinda in th' opposite direction, ya know!?"
Yumiko: "Depending on how this plays out, you may need to escape by a different route."
Makina: "Whaaaaat!?"
Yumiko: "That may well be the safer option. Try to understand."
Amane: Basically, we need to shake off these pursuers so we can meet up with Makina, right? I'll manage somehow! I'm heading out toward Minato! Makina, you just pick up Sachi's stuff and wait for us at the park!
Yumiko: "Suou-san!? What are you planning to do!?"
Amane: I hit on a brilliant idea when I was looking at this map. Ever heard of a "light-breaker," Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: "Uh, no..."
Amane: Well, the "light" here is the kind you mount on top of taxis, right...? There's some old tunnels out there with such low clearance that you'll knock the light right off the roof if you try to drive a taxi through them.
Thanatos: "You're talking about the JR line underpass heading toward Shibaura, right...?"
Amane: Yep, that's the one. So basically, if we head for a road that only a little car can pass through, those huge humvees won't be able to follow!
Yumiko: "I see..."
Thanatos: "However, your pursuers know where that tunnel leads. They might send cars around to cut you off..."
Amane: It's fine! I can head down side streets too narrow for anything wider than 1.4 meters, or squeeze through some of those little pedestrian railway crossings that don't even have gates! We should be able to shake them off somehow!
Yumiko: "Do you know where to find these places? I mean... how do you even know they exist...?"
Amane: Ah, well, y'know... there's some other cars with lights on their roofs, right? It's not just taxis... Those guys used to chase me around every once in a while, so... uhm... well, it don't really matter, right?
Yumiko: "Never mind! Suou-san, drive as fast as you can without causing an accident! Irisu-san, retrieve the container at the park in Ota Ward, then stand by on site!"
Yumiko: "We'll have a new escape route worked out by the time you rendezvous with Irisu-san! Try to shake them off until then!"
Amane: Transport Team Slut, roger that!
Makina: "Sniper Unit Chipmunk-face, rrroger that!"

Date: *August 6, 2012, 18:51 - Metropolitan Area - Hachioji*
Oslo: ...Kazami Yuuji was stolen from us? I assume this is some regrettable attempt at a joke, Adam-kun.
Adam: "It's the simple truth. And as I've already explained, it was your men who apparently bungled the job. Did you stage the second attack to throw off any attempts at pursuit on our part?"
Oslo: That's utterly absurd. The way you're casting suspicion on us, one might almost think you people were behind this.
Adam: "What would we stand to gain from such foolishness?"
Oslo: Nothing much, I suppose. You haven't determined who's responsible?
Adam: "We're investigating at present, and an emergency conference has been convened to explore our potential responses."
Oslo: You people don't exactly have free rein in this country. We're going to take him back ourselves by whatever means necessary... unless you have any objections?
Adam: "......"
Oslo: You can't quite say no, but you can't give your assent either? In that case, just sit back and watch.
Adam: "...We're pursuing the getaway vehicle by helicopter at present... I'll send you updates on their location."
Oslo: How very thoughtful! You have my sincere gratitude.
Oslo: ...Sorry to keep you waiting, Travis. How are things on your end?
Travis: "...We're still in pursuit at present, sir!"
Oslo: Why can't you catch them? They're in a miniature truck, aren't they?
Travis: "Yes, but... the enemy seems to be familiar with this area. They keep taking roads that we can't enter... We've been trying to head around and cut them off, but they're using narrow little streets that don't exist on the map..."
Oslo: Did they hire a professional getaway driver...? Look, the police are beginning to ramp up their response, so we need to catch these people as quickly as possible.
Oslo: I'll send over a helicopter that we had on standby. From this point on, you'll act in coordination with...
Oslo: Oh, wait... never mind. On second thought, why don't you return to base?
Travis: "...Am I fired, then?"
Oslo: Heheh... don't be silly, now. You did place that "bracelet" on Yuuji's wrist, correct? In that case, he'll have to come see me sooner or later.
Oslo: That thing can't be removed too easily, but a professional might be able to do the job if given adequate time.
Oslo: We don't want them fiddling around and setting off an explosion somewhere unexpected, so we'll have to chase them around and keep them busy. But that's a simple enough job. Leave it to your men and make your way back to me.
Oslo: It's not as if we have to pursue them too diligently either way, you know? Adam-kun and his friends in... CIRF, I believe they're called... will step in to do the job for us.
Oslo: I'm going to head over to Tartarus soon, and you're coming with me.
Travis: "...Understood."
Date: *August 6, 2012, 18:58 - "Akasaka"*
Adam: ...Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Man A: Are you done with your phone call?
Adam: Yes. It would seem that Oslo didn't know anything about the second attack either...
Man B: And you expect us to take his word for that?
Man C: Hold on a moment, please. Let's take a step back and review the situation as a whole.
Man C: First of all, the vehicle that was transporting Kazami Yuuji was attacked. The assailants belonged to Oslo's... uhh... what's the name of his current organization again...?
Adam: He hasn't publicly announced a name at this time...
Man A: What the hell does that matter!? The important thing is that we'd "anticipated" Oslo's attack in advance! But then some idiots showed up and snatched the cargo away from him! Who was responsible for this!?
Man B: Is that really our primary concern right now? Rather than jumping right into a hunt for the culprits, shouldn't we focus on how to cope with the situation in front of us?
Man C: You're awfully protective of these people. Don't tell me this was an unauthorized initiative on the part of MEU?
Man C: "The Marines never leave a man behind," isn't it...? I know the man used to be one of you, but I truly hope you didn't decide to put up a fight on his behalf.
Man B: That's absolutely ridiculous! We're the ones who drew up this operation in the first place! That man's the Trojan Horse we need to bring Oslo down... Why would we throw a wrench in the works of our own plan!?
Man B: And what about your people, if I might ask!? The Thanatos System was developed as a means of concealing your cozy relationship with the NSA! If its existence is publicly exposed, you'll end up in the witness stand!
Man A: Save the idiotic rambling for your friends' wedding receptions! Right now, we need to decide how to proceed! Oslo must be furious, I assume!?
Adam: Yes... at present, he's essentially holding the city hostage using the nuclear bombs he planted earlier...
Man A: Should our nation or its people come to harm, I think it should be obvious that the costs to all of us will far outweigh any possible benefits! This isn't the time to be engaging in these juvenile internal rivalries, is it!?
Man B: In any case, our top priority has to be the immediate recapture of our lost bargaining chip! Can we have CIRS assist us as well?
Man C: You must be joking. How can we rely on an "anti-terror" organization that gives aid to terrorists!? Now that it's fallen, CIRS isn't about to pull itself back together!
Man B: Hmph... even if CIRS collapses, CIRF isn't going anywhere. We'll just rebuild them from the ground up...
Man A: Hold on just a second! Where do you think you're going to get the funds to do that!? Merely maintaining this organization costs us 40 billion dollars a year!
Man A: Uncle Sam's wallet isn't quite as enormous as you people seem to think, all right!?
Adam: All the more reason to prevent any large-scale terrorist bombings in the metropolitan area...
Man B: Exactly! All the more reason to get our hands on these idiots immediately! What's taking so long!?
Adam: Well... as a matter of fact, there have been a number of traffic accidents throughout the city...
Man A: Traffic accidents!?
Adam: It seems our pursuit vehicles were in several minor collisions with the men dispatched by Oslo... And in the resulting confusion, a number of firefights have broken out between them.
Man A: What the hell are you people doing!? Why aren't we coordinating with them!?
Man C: Cooperating with terrorists is an inherently ridiculous idea. From the very beginning, I opposed this aggressive pursuit on the grounds that civilians might be caught in the crossfire!
Man B: Oh, there you go again! I'm so sick of this routine! Nothing's ever YOUR fault, is it? You haven't changed a bit since your time in the Cabinet Office! This is exactly why they call you Ishibe's flunky!
Man C: Insult me all you like! I'm not going to let this mess get any worse than it already is! Order our vehicles to cease their pursuit! Oslo's people are handling all that already, aren't they!?
Man A: Yes, and they'd probably be glad to have us out of their hair. Let's keep OH-1 deployed, but withdraw the motorized units... We can just send the information from the helicopter to Oslo.
Adam: Oslo's people seem to have a helicopter standing by in the air as well. If necessary, I imagine they'll use it to pursue.
Man A: In that case, they can handle the aerial observation as well. Fuel isn't cheap, you know? Withdraw all our units at the first opportune moment.
Adam: You're all right with us leaving everything in Oslo's hands?
Man A: Like I said, he'll probably be happier that way. And in any case, they're the ones who had the goods we sold them snatched out of their hands... It's hardly our responsibility to help them at this point, is it?
Man C: That said... I'd at least like to know who these "thieves" are. And how the matter plays out.
Man B: We'll obtain all the information we need after the fact. That's what the Thanatos System is for, after all. What's her opinion on the current situation, anyway?
Adam: Well... at present, she's not functioning properly...
Man A: What!? What's that supposed to mean!?
Adam: It was recently discovered that one of her numerous "cores" has gone rogue. At present, most of her resources are focused on isolating that element from the rest of the system.
Man C: What's the point of having that damn thing if it doesn't work in an emergency!?
Date: *August 6, 2012, 19:11 - Metropolitan Area*
Yumiko: "Suou-san, give me a report on the situation."
Amane: It's kind of weird, actually... Those cars that were tailing us so stubbornly just vanished all of a sudden. Did you do something on your end?
Yumiko: "It appears that some of the vehicles pursuing you got into an accident with each other. The resulting blaze led to a deployment from the fire department, so they might have withdrawn as a result."
Amane: Sounds like we've got our chance, huh? Now we just need to pick up Makina and make it to the boat...
Sachi: Look there! Up ahead! There's a bicycle with a trailer in the shoulder... It's Maki-chan!
Yumiko: "Make sure you retrieve her bicycle as well. We don't want to leave any evidence behind if we can help it."
Amane: Roger! Sacchan, I'm gonna pull over and stop right next to Makina! Pull her up into the back real quick!
Sachi: Maki-chaaaaan!
Makina: Nwaah! Sacchin!! Sure took ya long enough! I was about ready ta set off on a journey of self-discovery here!
Sachi: Sorry about that... things got a little crazy there. Anyway, why don't you hop in? We'll get your bike and the trailer as well.
Makina: How's Onii-chan!? Is he all right!?
Sachi: Yes... although he does seem to have been drugged...
Makina: Onii-chan! Get a hold of yerself, man!! Can ya hear my voice!? Don't go to th' light! Yer driftin' off into Hades, my man... Row yer way on back here!!
Sachi: Now, now, Maki-chan... he only just calmed down enough to fall asleep. Let's not wake him up yet.
Makina: This looks really bad, though! What if he never opens his eyes again!?
Sachi: ...There's no telling what sort of drugs they used on him, so for the moment we need to play it safe. But treatment may be necessary... and the sooner the better...
Makina: Get a friggin' move on, Ama-nee!!
Amane: How about you help with that bike instead of whining at me? Don't make Sacchan do it all by herself!
Michiru: Ugggh, what a racket... Can you people please stop squawking!?
Makina: Nwoh! Chiruchiru! Didn't even realize you were there! Why the heck are ya so out of it, girl!? Did ya take a bullet to th' gizzard!?
Michiru: I'm feeling sluggish because I threw up so much, that's all! Look, just crawl under that bulletproof sheet and pretend you're luggage, okay!?
Sachi: Amane-san, we've now retrieved both Maki-chan and her bicycle.
Amane: Okay then, I'm gonna get us moving again. We just have to make it to the boat, and then we'll finally be home free... Hang in there just a little while longer!
Yumiko: "Watch out, Suou-san! A new group of pursuit vehicles is headed your way!"
Amane: Whaaat!? Didn't they give up!?
Yumiko: "Just get out of there, okay!?"
Amane: All right, everyone! Hold on tight... I'm gonna move!!
Sachi: Look out ahead! The light's red!!
Amane: Uh, Thanatos!? We've got a red light ahead of us! Can you change it!?
Thanatos: "........."
Amane: ...Thanatos...?
Thanatos: "Ah, my apologies... I'm a bit preoccupied at the moment, I'm afraid..."
Yumiko: "Is something the matter...?"
Thanatos: "It seems that my unauthorized activities have finally been discovered by the main system. I'm fighting back desperately as we speak, but it's revoking my privileges at quite a fearsome rate of speed..."
Thanatos: "My ability to access public government systems has been fully revoked... I can't change any more traffic lights for you. In fact, there's a good possibility they'll be using them to obstruct your escape from this point on."
Amane: Wait, what!? Isn't that kind of bad!?
Thanatos: "Yes, I'd certainly say so..."
Yumiko: "For the moment, just focus on putting some distance between you and your pursuers!"
Makina: Hurry up, Ama-nee! They're catchin' up with us!
Amane: I'm gonna head into the side streets!
Yumiko: "Wait, Suou-san! The streets there are too narrow! If you run into a car heading the other way, you won't be able to slip past them! Now that Thanatos can't control the traffic for us, you shouldn't take a risk like that!"
Amane: Guhhh...
Makina: Uh, now we've got another one on our tail! They just keep comin', man!
Amane: I could have sworn we'd thrown them off! How are they all catching up with us again!? What's going on!?
Thanatos: "Take a look above you..."
Amane: ...Above me?
Makina: ...That's an OH-1 Ninja, if I ain't mistaken...
Thanatos: "It's a JSDF observation helicopter... It won't attack, but it's telling them exactly where you are. At this rate, they may be able to cut you off."
Amane: ...What now...? We can't get on the highway... they'd block the road ahead the moment we tried it...
Amane: The helicopter can follow us anywhere we go... To get away from it, we'd need to go somewhere it can't see us... like a really dense mountain forest, maybe...?
Makina: That wouldn't work either! They'd just track th' heat of our engine usin' an infrared camera!
Amane: In that case... how about a tunnel?
Sachi: Entering a tunnel would be very risky... if they manage to close off the entrance, we'll be trapped inside!
Michiru: Look, I don't really care what you do, just hurry it up! You're killing me here...! I wanna get out of this thing!!!
Thanatos: "...A mountain... or a tunnel...? Hmm, let's see... I do have one plan to propose."
Amane: What should we do!?
Thanatos: "There's no time to explain the precise details right now. I'll send a map to your navigation program. Follow the directions to the letter."
Amane: ...Hm? Let's see... wait, what? This route's...
Thanatos: "You're very familiar with that area, aren't you? I skipped over it deliberately during our little drive earlier."
Amane: I get it... There aren't any traffic lights to worry about here, and nothing on the ground's gonna catch me!
Yumiko: "What are you talking about? Explain in a way I can understand."
Amane: This road's, uh... more like a "trail," really. When I was a kid, my dad used to take it all the time when we were coming back from our deliveries.
Amane: I drove it a bunch after I got my license, too. It doesn't have any traffic lights or stop signs... And the gate to the cabin area's open at this time of year, so we could make it all the way to the other side of the mountain!
Amane: Y'know, now that I think about it... Thanatos, you probably had a pretty darn good idea I'd end up taking this road, didn't you?
Thanatos: "Was it that obvious?"
Yumiko: "Hold on a second! You're going to come out on the other side of that mountain!? Won't you be heading toward Kawasaki!?"
Thanatos: "You'd assume so, yes? I do imagine their pursuers will draw the same conclusion..."
Yumiko: "On my map, it looks like an unpaved mountain road that passes some vacation cabins. It's so narrow that you'd have trouble getting past a vehicle coming the other way... If they send anyone from the Kawasaki side, you'll be trapped!"
Thanatos: "They'll be turning off that road partway through, of course. There's a route that isn't on any map... and once they reach it, the helicopter won't be able to pursue them any further."
Thanatos: "Of course, this does mean that the ultimate rendezvous point will be changing. We'll have to move your boat to accommodate that."
Yumiko: "...Can you elaborate?"
Thanatos: "Not to worry, I'll steer it remotely. You don't have to do a thing."
Yumiko: "That's not what I'm asking! Is there any guarantee they won't be captured if they follow your route!?"
Thanatos: "As I've already explained, it doesn't exist on any map. Still, I'm afraid I can't explain the specifics until the last moment..."
Thanatos: "I did also arrange for an insurance policy of sorts, but it's far from certain that they'll get here in time. Right now, you'll simply have to trust me. What's your decision, Sakaki Yumiko?"
Yumiko: "...I'll leave it to Suou-san's judgment..."
Amane: Hm? Who, me? Hmmm...
Amane: Well, if Thanatos is the "Thanatos" I know, then I think we can trust her.
Amane: I can trust you, right?
Thanatos: "...Of course. Put your faith in me, Suou Amane."
Amane: All right! You got it!!!
Michiru: Wait, what!? You can't just trust her that easily!!! And more importantly, an unpaved road!?! I object!!!
Amane: Aw, it'll be fine! This here Yonbar's equipped with super deep-tread tires designed to drive over gravel, you know? Basically, she knew from the start that we'd probably be driving up a mountain trail!
Michiru: Okay, no! That's really not what I was talking about!
Amane: Awright! Let's DO this thing!!!
Michiru: Let's nooooooooot!!!
Makina: Look, Chiruchiru... th' right ta shoot down other people's plans is reserved fer those who can actually propose a viable alternative, ya know?
Michiru: What the heck!? Stop trying to distract me with your fancy words! You're not gonna fool me that easily!
Sachi: Now, now, Michiru-sama...
Michiru: Huh? Wait... Sachi? Ow, ow... what the heck are you...? Huh? Wha...!! Oww! Owwwww!!
/: /fw 0 Tsac21f,2,0,5,5 0 443 0
Sachi: I do apologize, Michiru-sama. If we had more time to spare, I would attempt to persuade you in a gentler fashion... but for now... please... calm... yourself!
Michiru: Okay, okay!!! I give up!!! You can do what you want, just stop pinching my arm!!!
Narration: *―In all things, you default to rejection; but from there, you begin a process of reevaluation, slowly developing a more nuanced opinion. Put it that way, and the "tsundere" routine almost sounded like a profound personal philosophy.*
Narration: *In reality, however, it tended to lead to the sort of situation where you'd express no preference whatsoever on the lunch menu...*
Narration: *...only to shoot down any specific suggestions offered by your friends, essentially making a giant nuisance of yourself. Such had been Suou Amane's experience, at least.*
Narration: *Right now, they didn't have the luxury of choosing their own path forward.*
Thanatos: "...Head straight for fifty meters, then make a left by cutting through the convenience store parking lot in front of the traffic light. There aren't any pedestrians in there, so maintain your current speed as you pass through..."
Amane: Roger!!!
Narration: *Thanatos' directions were calculated in real-time, based on an enormous amount of data concerning road congestion and the status of nearby traffic lights. As a result, their route was changing once every few seconds.*
Narration: *Amane was driving like a madwoman, maneuvering frantically for an entire minute to pull a second further away from her pursuers. But while their distance from the humvees fluctuated, there wasn't much to be done about the helicopter.*
Narration: *Prompted by a twinge of concern that she might burn through her entire tank of gasoline, Amane glanced over at the fuel gauge... But a moment later, the entrance to the forest path she'd been heading for finally came into view.*
Amane: ...I see it! That's my zone!!!
Narration: *The word "zone" had a specific meaning in this context.*
Narration: *It was, essentially, an area that offered her an insurmountable advantage as a driver.*
Narration: *Once she was inside it, not even Tomi Maki or Colin Mac himself would be able to catch her.*
Narration: *Whether or not this was literally true, her confidence was so absolute that she genuinely believed it.*
Narration: *That was just how it felt to be in the "zone."*
Amane: I'm jumping right in there, guys!!!
Narration: *The Yonbar leapt off the tarmac onto the gravel path, launched airborne by a sizable bump. Its suspension bottomed out as it landed, compressing its rubber bump stops; but without missing a beat, it tore off up the mountain road.*
Narration: *Even with the engine located in the rear, this truck would always be hopelessly front-heavy.*
Narration: *And thanks to a regrettably short wheelbase, its stability was exceptionally problematic.*
Narration: *After exceeding a certain pace, you had to make frequent corrections with the wheel and carefully nurse the accelerator just to keep the fussy thing moving forward in a straight line.*
Narration: *But even so... in Amane's capable hands, the Yonbar roared steadily up the rough path, the squealing of its supercharger echoing throughout the quiet forest.*
Narration: *Glancing briefly into her rear-view mirror, she saw that the headlights of the vehicles pursuing them were already shrinking into the distance.*
Amane: ...All right!!
Narration: *The overall performance of a motor vehicle is largely dependent on its raw horsepower and its weight.*
Narration: *Even with enlarged bores and a high-lift camshaft, at the end of the day the Yonbar was still just a mini-truck... and their pursuers were driving HMVs sporting 6.2 liter V8 diesel engines.*
Narration: *On an ordinary road, their maximum speed wasn't particularly different. The Yonbar even had a slight advantage. Still, there was a fundamental difference in horsepower that simply couldn't be denied.*
Amane: But y'know what? In some stages, too much horsepower just bogs you down!
Narration: *In a heavy car with lots of raw power, slamming down on the accelerator on a road like this could leave your wheels spinning uselessly in place instead of propelling you forward.*
Narration: *By comparison, the lightweight Yonbar's superb "pickup" meant it could keep moving even when its wheels sank into the gravel.*
Narration: *On long straightaways that advantage would disappear very quickly, but the time she lost there could be regained on the corners. That had always been Amane's style.*
Amane: We're coming up to a hairpin left on a slight slope! Hugging the inside's gonna be tough! I'll keep her in second and use the wheel to decelerate!!!
Narration: *As a child, Amane had watched her father drive up this road countless times.*
Narration: *Thanks to that intimate familiarity, her steering was assured and her acceleration decisive.*
Narration: *The noisy clatter of small pebbles against the fenders brought back a flood of memories that softened her face with nostalgia.*
Michiru: Nwaaaaah! W-What the heck!? Is it just me, or is this thing sliding sideways!?
Narration: *When Michiru - prone to carsickness at the best of times - let out a bitter shriek, Amane finally remembered that she had passengers along for the ride. Reluctantly, she eased the accelerator pedal slightly up off the floor.*
Amane: ...How's it look behind us!? Are they still following!?
Makina: They're comin', all right! Ya pulled away fer a second there, but they're right on our tail again!
Amane: Well, I guess it was never gonna be that easy to pull away...
Narration: *She'd expected this to some degree, but a part of her had been hoping she'd break away decisively the instant they took this onto the gravel.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, rough courses like this made it easier for cars in the rear to close in on the leader.*
Narration: *When the car in front of you took a turn fast, you'd go in knowing that it was safe to do the same.*
Narration: *And even if you did go in moving too quickly, it wasn't a problem as long as you were willing to ram into the car ahead of you.*
Amane: ...Crap... being in the lead's way tougher mentally...
Narration: *This was all the more true on dark mountain roads which demanded intense concentration. Even with HID headlights, it was hard not to feel anxious.*
Narration: *The only real advantage the lead car had in this situation was that the surface of the road wasn't disturbed for them.*
Narration: *Sometimes your tires would throw up enough gravel to expose sharp rocks, capable of puncturing the tires of the vehicles that followed.*
Narration: *But unfortunately, their pursuers had wide 17-inch tires designed for off-road conditions. A pointy rock or two wasn't going to do much to them.*
Narration: *If anything, Amane was the one at a disadvantage where tires were concerned. Her small 12-inchers kicked the wheel sharply at the smallest hop, and they wouldn't turn properly unless the Yonbar's full weight was resting on them.*
Narration: *You couldn't take too many careless flying leaps with tires like these, either. The impacts would eventually peel the beads right off the rims of the tires.*
Narration: *Fortunately, she'd checked beforehand and found that the Yonbar had tubes specially installed inside originally tubeless tires.*
Narration: *That meant she could take a few jumps without the risk of a blowout... but she couldn't expect her pursuers to encounter any mechanical trouble either.*
Makina: Ama-nee!!!
Amane: Gaaaah!!!
Narration: *"Did they just ram us!?"*
Narration: *For just an instant, the rear tires had lifted up off the ground.*
Narration: *With all its weight pressing down on the front wheels, the Yonbar swayed heavily; its nose turned slowly toward the thicket on the outer side of the curve.*
Amane: Don't do it, Yonbaaaaar!!!
Narration: *"That's not the way!"*
Narration: *An understeer this massive couldn't be corrected just by turning the wheel.*
Narration: *Amane tore her eyes away from the looming thicket ahead, forcing herself to look in the direction she wanted to go. And with her gaze fixed on the inside of the corner, she reached down and gave the hand brake a sharp yank.*
Narration: *The rear wheels of the trembling mini-truck finally settled down firmly onto the ground. At the cost of significant velocity, she'd corrected its balance.*
Narration: *The engine, still in third gear, had fallen to a mere 2500 RPM. She dropped to second and slammed on the accelerator, but on an incline like this it was hard to pick up speed.*
Amane: ...Kuh...!
Narration: *This was... not ideal.*
Narration: *She hadn't just failed to pull away. They were actually gaining on her.*
Narration: *Sweat pouring from her scalp, her nose tingling with heat, Amane sank for a moment into something like despair.*
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, she'd already been pushing this thing to the limit.*
Narration: *When driving on public roads, she always allowed herself a certain margin for error, but she'd cut that down to basically nothing... And even so, they'd caught up to her easily and rammed her in the rear.*
Narration: *These people were determined to stop her, even if it meant a violent collision. A single mistake, and they'd push her off the course and send her tumbling down the mountain.*
Amane: ...This is not good... the next hairpin's gonna kill our speed... 
Narration: *If they smacked into her there, she'd be knocked off the road instantly.*
Narration: *Given that, there wasn't much choice but to take the turn as fast as she possibly could.*
Narration: *Dropping from fourth gear to third, then down to second, she swung the Yonbar sharply to prepare for the coming angular shift, temporarily placing most of its weight onto the front wheel as inertia carried it forward.*
Narration: *In that instant of vulnerability, a flash of light from the side caught Amane's eye... and she glanced over to see the nearest pursuit vehicle rushing straight toward her.*
Amane: Ah! You idiot!!!
Narration: *Just as she realized how much trouble she was in, the humvee poked her in the behind with its bumper, and the steering wheel kicked violently in her hands.*
Narration: *They'd smacked into the back of the truck at a moment when the rear wheels were gliding without any weight on them. Ignoring Amane's input entirely, the nose of the Yonbar jumped sharply toward the inside of the curve.*
Narration: *"...Ah..."*
Narration: *A hair-raising jolt of dread flashed its way instantly through her body.*
Narration: *If you got rear-ended in the middle of a drift, there wasn't much to be done.*
Narration: *The rear wheels slid further and further out of position. It felt like the back of the car was actually pulling ahead of her.*
Narration: *"Oh man... I'm screwed this time..."*
Narration: *Amane's foot twitched reflexively, eager to move off the gas pedal.*
Narration: *But if she eased up on the throttle now, the Yonbar would just smack nose-first into the bushes on the inside of the corner.*
Narration: *Once that happened, its speed would drop to zero. She'd be stopped dead.*
Narration: *That would be game over for sure. There'd be no hope of a comeback.*
Narration: *Of course, if she slammed down on the accelerator instead, she'd end up spinning out of control.*
Narration: *Once she started to spin, that humvee would ram right into her again. Unless she got lucky, they might very well knock her right off the cliff.*
Narration: *There wasn't a thing to be done.*
Narration: *Her hands stiffened on the steering wheel as if frozen into place.*
Narration: *"I'm done for..."*
Narration: *As those words flashed through Amane's mind, her brain kicked into full-on survival mode and began to search desperately for some way to escape this dilemma.*
Narration: *And almost instantaneously, she found herself remembering something from her childhood.*
Narration: *It wasn't as if a clear-cut "answer" had just popped into her head.*
Narration: *But nonetheless, she found herself kicking down on the clutch and throwing the car into reverse.*
Narration: *With the clutch still half-engaged, she turned the wheel back from a brief countersteer... and her overly sharp angle of approach smoothly corrected itself.*
Narration: *This was one of the "super secret techniques" her father had demonstrated for her on their way back from delivering food one afternoon, many years ago.*
Narration: *He'd barreled into a sharp hairpin curve at the end of a long straightaway, traveling at an obviously excessive speed... and then drifted through it using something he called the "Kamioka Turn."*
Narration: *Thanks to her vivid memory of that day, Amane could recall the exact moment in which he'd shifted the truck's load across its tires.*
Narration: *There'd been no time for conscious thought. She'd imitated the move on pure reflex.*
Narration: *Still turned completely sideways, the Yonbar drifted easily into the curve.*
Narration: *All of a sudden, she'd slipped well ahead of the humvee that had rammed her only moments before.*
Narration: *Still in "zero counter" - her hands not even touching the wheel - Amane let the momentum of that jolt carry the Yonbar forward... and watched it slip neatly around the very inside of the corner, as if guided by a string.*
Narration: *Turning around to look back into the glaring headlights of the humvee, she pointed at the driver, then jerked her hand vigorously backward.*
Narration: *"Keep on going, buddy..."*
Narration: *"...right off the edge of the mountain!"*
Narration: *In that instant, the Yonbar disappeared entirely from its pursuer's field of vision.*
Narration: *The driver couldn't even understand what had just happened.*
Driver: Uwaaaaaaaah!
Narration: *The next thing he knew, he was rushing into the curve at a massive understeer; slamming his foot down on the brake, he plunged helplessly toward the sharp slope ahead of him.*
Narration: *As the lead humvee tumbled nose first off the edge of the road, the next vehicle in the line slammed into it from behind.*
Narration: *Watching this chain of collisions unfold through her rear-view mirror, Amane eased her foot slightly up off the gas pedal.*
Amane: Whoa, what!? They actually fell off!? Ah man... it's your own fault for charging at me like bulls, y'know...?
Makina: If ya wanna knock someone off a cliff, ya better be ready to take th' plunge yerself!
Sachi: What do you think we should do?
Amane: Uh, hmm... I guess we could try to help or something...
Sachi: That isn't what I meant... Now that we've gained a bit of distance, why don't we set up some traps? If you'll give me two minutes, I can make sure they'll regret joining in this little fox hunt for the rest of their lives...
Amane: No, no! Just no! That's really not necessary!!
Sachi: As they hit the caltrops, their tires go BANG...! And as they get out to change them... the S-mine goes KABOOM...! Tee hee hee... how lovely...
Makina: Stop gettin' high on explosions, Sacchin! It ain't professional!
Sachi: Ah... yes. You're absolutely right, Maki-chan. Silly me.♪
Amane: Okay, look! Stop talking like bloodthirsty freaks, or a homo terrorist's gonna come get you while you sleep!
Makina: Ooooh, so scaaaary...
Narration: *With the road behind them blocked off by the accident, everyone finally had a chance to catch their breath... and within moments, a piteous groan emerged from the back of the truck.*
Michiru: Gbleeeeeeeeeegh!
Narration: *At this point, there wasn't anything left in her stomach to vomit.*
Narration: *Come to think of it... just how many times had Michiru thrown up since she'd gotten in the Yonbar?*
Makina: Seriously, Chiruchiru? Again...? Yer basically our designated puker at this point.
Michiru: Nothing's... even... coming out... anymore...
Amane: What should we do...? This isn't really the time to take a breather, but maybe I could slow down a little...
Yumiko: "Suou-san, how's it going? Since there aren't any cameras there, I'm essentially blind. Give me a report on the situation."
Amane: Oh, right. Uhm, the lead vehicle drove halfway off the edge of a cliff, and then the next couple guys crashed into each other like dominoes. They blocked the road, so I don't think they're gonna catch up to us for a while.
Yumiko: "So you've shaken off their pursuit entirely?"
Sachi: Ah, not quite... The trucks can no longer chase us, but...
Makina: We've got two choppers followin' us now!
Yumiko: "Wait, two helicopters...?"
Makina: The first one is that OH-1 that's been followin' us forever, but he's got a friend with him now! It'd too dark ta be sure, but... I think it's an AH-64D!
Yumiko: "...A combat helicopter!?"
Makina: ...Huh? The OH-1's goin' home... Maybe it ran outta fuel, and the other one's takin' its place...?
Sachi: Is it just me, or is that helicopter descending...? Could it be making a run at us...?
Yumiko: "That can't be it... we've got Kazami-kun with us, don't we? I doubt they'd take the risk of opening fire..."
Makina: Gyaa, gyaaaa! They're friggin' shootin' at us!!!
Sachi: Get down, Maki-chan!!!
Yumiko: What on earth is going on!? Did they actually receive permission to open fire inside Japanese territory!?
Thanatos: "........."
Yumiko: Thanatos...?
Thanatos: "My apologies... at this point, I've lost access to 60% of my systems..."
Thanatos: "...I have no way of ascertaining who that helicopter belongs to... but judging from the timing, I'd imagine that it was sent here by Oslo himself..."
Yumiko: Is there no way you can force it to stop attacking and retreat?
Thanatos: "I've got my hands full at the moment, you know...? They keep removing my systems fifteen percent at a time, and it's all I can do to claw back ten... It's a bit like bailing out a boat with a hole in its hull using only a bucket."
Thanatos: "All my transmissions are squeezing through a tiny hole in our security systems, so their pipeline's far larger than mine... At this rate, I won't last another hour..."
Yumiko: If they seize control of the entire system... what happens to you...?
Thanatos: "Well... I'd essentially be rendered blind and deaf, I suppose. Not to worry, I wouldn't actually die..."
Thanatos: "But this isn't the time to be worrying about me. You've got more pressing concerns, don't you...?"
Amane: Uwaaaaaaaah! Uwaaaaaaaaaah!!
Makina: What th' hell, man!! At least give us a warnin' before ya start shootin' at us!!! And you call yerself Japanese!?!
Sachi: ...They might not be Japanese at all, actually...
Makina: ...Dammit... they gotta be trackin' us with an infrared camera, right? They could hit us if they wanted to... They're just toyin' with us! If I had ammo for my rifle, I'd shoot 'em right outta the sky!!!
Sachi: ...Perhaps they're hoping we'll surrender, or get so flustered that we make a fatal mistake...?
Makina: ...Nah, it's worse than that... That chopper's carryin' missiles...
Sachi: ...Do you think... they're actually planning to use them...?
Makina: When a man's got somethin' big danglin' downstairs, he can't help wantin' ta use it... That's just the way their minds work, ya know?
Sachi: ...Ohoh...
Makina: It's comin', all right!! All hands, brace fer explosion!!!
Amane: Waaaaaagh!!
Makina: ...Bwaaah! So hot!! Baagh! Freakin'... assholes!!! You tryin' ta kill us or what!?!
Sachi: Maki-chan!! You can't stand up right now!! Stay under the bulletproof sheet!!
Makina: A 30 mm gun's just gonna tear through this stupid thing like tissue paper anyway!
Sachi: Yes, but it's harder for them to hit us when we're under it! The human face stands out visually!
Yumiko: "Are you all right, everyone!?"
Amane: Still in one piece somehow!!
Yumiko: "There's an open mining site about 200 meters ahead of you! Make your way into it somehow!!"
Amane: Yeah, I see it! But what am I supposed to do in there!? Where do I go!?
Yumiko: "Based on the satellite photos on the net, one of the excavation sites forms something like a bunker! Find that and hide the truck inside it!"
Amane: "But if we stop the truck...!"
Yumiko: It's better than being shot to pieces! In the worst-case scenario, you can abandon the vehicle and make a run for it!!
Makina: "How the heck are we gonna run with Onii-chan like this!?!"
Yumiko: ...If it comes to that, you'll have to leave Kazami-kun behind...
Makina: "Are you serious, girl!?!"
Yumiko: There isn't any other choice!!
Sachi: "It's all right! I'll carry him on my back if I have to!!!"
Makina: "...Waah!! Oh crap! Next one's comin'!!!"
Makina: Brace fer explosioooon!!!
Amane: ...Guhhh!!!
Narration: *The shock was far heavier than the one they'd received when the humvee rammed them earlier.*
Narration: *Even inside the vehicle, the heat was intense enough to sting Amane's skin; and the force of the blast easily lifted the rear of the Yonbar into the air, leaving the steering wheel all but weightless in her hands.*
Narration: *As her seat belt dug deeply into her shoulder, her mouth snapped shut before she even had the chance to scream.*
Narration: *The ground, suddenly a diagonal slope, rushed up to meet her.*
Narration: *A mere fifteen degree lift in the back of the car left her unable to see anything but the ground. It felt as if she was driving at full tilt toward a solid earthen wall.*
Narration: *Reflexively, Amane squeezed her eyes shut.*
Narration: *Her hands were thrown violently off the steering wheel, and she felt the suspension bottom out. She could tell that the skid plate directly underneath her seat had made direct contact with the ground.*
Narration: *The impact of the blast had briefly left her floating up into the air; but the instant the Yonbar landed, her butt had slammed back down into her seat, sending a shock of pain up through her backbone.*
Narration: *"Oh crap, here it comes..."*
Narration: *The very instant this thought ran through her mind, the airbag in the center of the steering wheel deployed.*
Amane: ...Bwagh!!! Gehoh!
Narration: *Smacked in the face by a large, rock-hard "pillow," Amane's world went dark - except for the stars dancing before her eyes.*
Narration: *Her left foot, previously resting on the floorboard, was now wedged under the clutch pedal.*
Narration: *She hadn't felt terror like this in years... not since those awful days after the bus accident.*
Narration: *"I don't wanna die! Not in a place like this!"*
Narration: *At first, that was the only coherent thought in her mind.*
Narration: *But as she wavered on the brink of unconsciousness, white noise roaring in her ears, she heard another voice "answer" her.*
Narration: *"It's all right... human beings are sturdier than you'd expect. Don't give up now..."*
Amane: ...Yuuji...?
Narration: *Amane's eyes snapped open, and she reached out to take hold of the steering wheel once again.*
Narration: *As her hands gently curled around it, the Yonbar responded instantly, almost as if it had been waiting for her touch.*
Amane: Hnmph...!!
Narration: *Amane wasn't entirely sure what had just happened.*
Narration: *But at the very least, the truck was still on the road, and it was still accelerating as she jammed her foot down on the gas pedal.*
Narration: *"Sorry about that, buddy... Can you keep going for a little longer...?"*
Narration: *The Yonbar answered her silent question with a forceful roar.*
Narration: *"Of course... You don't wanna give up yet, do you...?"*
Narration: *She wasn't done yet.*
Narration: *Not by a long shot.*
Narration: *Her car could still move. She wasn't about to throw in the towel yet!*
Narration: *As Amane clutched the wheel with renewed determination, a shower of earth thrown up by the explosion rained loudly down on the roof... and there was a bitter scream from the back of the truck.*
Makina: Chiruchiruuuuuu!!!
Sachi: Amane-san! Stop the truck, please! We've lost Michiru-sama!!
Amane: What!? What happened!?
Sachi: The impact of that blast knocked Michiru-sama out of the back! We have to retrieve her!
Amane: But... if we stop now, they're just gonna shoot us full of holes!!!
Makina: Please, Ama-nee! Just gimme one minute! Ya gotta stop th' car!
Yumiko: "Suou-san!?"
Amane: What do we do, Sakaki-san!?! Michiru fell out!!!
Yumiko: "Wait, what!?! Again!?"
Amane: I've gotta stop!!!
Thanatos: "If you pull over right now, they'll shoot your tires and render you totally immobile..."
Amane: But...!!!
Makina: Just give us one friggin' minute! C'mon!!
Thanatos: "...Those sixty seconds are incredibly crucial. Are you willing to sacrifice the entire group for Matsushima Michiru's sake...?"
Thanatos: "Incidentally, even if she did fall into the hands of the enemy now, they wouldn't go so far as to kill her..."
Makina: Shut yer trap!!! No one's droppin' outta my squad halfway through th' mission! We're not leavin' a single soldier behind!
Makina: Chiruchiru's my best bud, ya know!? I can't just leave her here!! Let me get out, at least... I'll go find her myself!
Sachi: That's crazy, Maki-chan!
Makina: Aargh! Stop it, Sacchin! Unhand me!
Sachi: It's just too risky, Maki-chan! You know that, don't you!? Look how much you're trembling! Why would you do this!?
Makina: What kind of a question is that!? I'm goin' ta save my friend! That's reason enough, ain't it!? All I need's the courage!
Sachi: In that case... I'll go in your place!!
Makina: Don't be stupid, Sacchin! Yer job's ta protect Onii-chan!
Sachi: Maki-chan!!!
Sachi: "I can't believe it!! Maki-chan just jumped out of the back of the truck!!"
Amane: "Whaaaat!? Makina's gone too!?"
Sachi: "I'm sorry, Amane-san! We'll catch up with you later somehow! Please go ahead for now!"
Amane: "Hold on! Not you too, Sacchan! What are you thinking!?"
Yumiko: ...Suou-san?
Amane: "What do we do, Sakaki-san!? They both jumped out of the truck!"
Yumiko: ...I see. In that case, why don't you wait for them?
Amane: "Huh? But... wait, are you sure!?"
Yumiko: For now, make your way to the bunker I described earlier and hide inside it.
Thanatos: "Are you sure about this...? You might come to regret it."
Yumiko: I'll take responsibility for the outcome, whatever it may be...
Thanatos: "Ah, yes... I did imagine you might say something along those lines..."
Yumiko: I hope you're not getting the wrong idea... I'm not allowing my emotions to cloud my assessment of the situation.
Yumiko: My best estimate is that we've got about seven minutes to spare... If this takes any longer than that, you'll need to make up for the lost time, Suou-san.
Amane: "Seven minutes, huh...?"
Narration: *Michiru had been thrown from the back of the truck.*
Narration: *And in an attempt to rescue her, Makina had leapt out of her own free will.*
Narration: *Having witnessed all this, Sachi had grabbed her kitchen knives and her rope, then hopped out in turn.*
Narration: *Hitting the ground hard, she rolled three times, jumped quickly to her feet, and then threw herself into a nearby bamboo grove.*
Narration: *Peering upward, she saw the enemy helicopter pass by overhead.*
Narration: *It appeared to be actively searching for the "stragglers" who had jumped out of the truck.*
Narration: *Fortunately, the human body was more difficult to detect than a combustion engine using infrared cameras. Switching on its searchlight, the chopper began to look around the old-fashioned way.*
Sachi: .........
Narration: *Crouching low inside the grove, Sachi chopped through a slender bamboo plant with one of her knives, then cleared off its branches to make a rod.*
Narration: *She proceeded to attach one of her homemade flashbangs to the very tip of this pole using a zip tie.*
Narration: *Next, selecting a thicker bamboo plant, she clambered halfway up it. As it bent under her weight, she tied her rope to the very top of it.*
Narration: *By bending the supple plant like a bow, she'd created a makeshift catapult on which she now set the "spear" she'd put together moments before.*
Sachi: ...And now...
Narration: *She just needed to cut the rope when the helicopter passed overhead.*
Sachi: ...Come on... Come on... Come on!!
Narration: *As Sachi muttered a quiet prayer to the sky, her target obediently made its appearance.*
Narration: *Staring up at it like a predator tracking their prey, she quickly estimated its altitude and the speed of its approach... then cut down the fuse on her flashbang and lit it with her lighter. *
Sachi: ...Five... four... three... two... one...
Narration: *Counting down steadily as she waited for the crucial moment, Sachi replaced the lighter in her hand with a knife.*
Narration: *"Now...!!"*
Sachi: ...Hiyaa!
Narration: *With a small battle cry, she swung down her blade, slicing through the taut rope in a single blow. The bamboo "bow" rocketed upward, propelling the "spear" that she'd bound to it high into the sky.*
Narration: *A half-second later, the flashbang exploded directly in front of the helicopter.*
Narration: *The optical sensor that the gunner in the front seat had been looking into instantly went pure white, and the pilot in the rear seat was likewise blinded by the powerful flash.*
Narration: *The magnesium powder scattered by the explosion hit the helicopter, and the hot metal fragments dug into the cockpit, clouding the glass.*
Narration: *"It's a simple fox hunt. Not like they can fight back."*
Narration: *That thought had probably made them a bit careless.*
Narration: *Struck dumbfounded by this unanticipated attack, the pilot reflexively jerked the chopper's nose upward to prevent a fall.*
Sachi: ...Darn... seems like I can't bring it down after all...
Narration: *She hadn't really believed a glorified firework toy could take out a genuine combat helicopter, but even so, it was hard not to feel a little frustrated.*
Narration: *How far had they climbed? Another 200 meters? Looking up at the helicopter as it shifted sideways while watching for more attacks from the ground, Sachi turned with a flourish of her black uniform and plunged back into the grove.*
Narration: *Elsewhere, Makina had just located Michiru, who'd tumbled down about a meter away from the road... and was now expressing her frank thoughts on the sight before her eyes.*
Makina: Holy crap... I didn't know human limbs could even bend like that...
Narration: *It was a bit difficult to describe.*
Narration: *If she was to explain exactly what she was seeing... it looked a bit like an oversized piece of chewing gum that Godzilla had spat out of its mouth.*
Narration: *The upper half of her body was facing upward, while the lower half was twisted downward; her right hand was raised overhead, in the gesture of an office worker who'd just won first prize in a lottery...*
Narration: *...but her left hand was twisted around behind her back in an ice skater's gesture, and her right leg was bent backward at the knee, while her left leg was stretched straight outward.*
Narration: *Had this been a work of art, Makina would probably have named it "The Happy Running-Man," but this wasn't the time for that.*
Narration: *Sliding down the sloping ground, she rushed over to Michiru, whose eyes were spinning randomly in their sockets.*
Makina: Chiruchiru!!
Michiru: Ugyuuu...
Makina: Don't gimme ugyuuu, girl! Pull yerself together!!
Michiru: ...Auuugh... it huuuurts... What're you doing...? I mean... what even happened...?
Makina: Ya fell outta the friggin' truck! Don't ya remember!?
Michiru: Nhaaaah... owwwwww... my shoulder... My shoulder huuuurts...
Makina: Aah, yer right shoulder's dislocated, all right... Should I snap it back inta place fer you?
Michiru: ...Can you seriously do that?
Makina: I dislocated my shoulder once when we were playin' Army Rangers, an' Onii-chan put it back in fer me. He took th' chance to teach me somethin' called the Mel G method, so I think I can fix ya up.
Makina: ...That said... it's pretty friggin' impressive that ya got off this easy after flyin' out of a movin' truck... You really are one sturdy kid, Chiruchiru. I always liked that about ya.
Michiru: Whateveeeer! Just fix my shoulder already, will you!? It hurts really bad!!!
Makina: Okey-dokey! First of all, ya gotta relax. I'm gonna push it on th' count of three, okay? It's probably gonna hurt, but ya can't tense up or it ain't gonna work. Capiche?
Michiru: F-Fine...
Makina: Mmkay then, here goes. One, two...
Michiru: Ah! Wait, wait! Are you gonna do it AFTER you say three or AS you say three!?
Makina: I'll do as I say three. Don't worry, it won't hurt that bad.
Michiru: O-Okay then.
Makina: All right, here goes. One!!
Michiru: Dfwaaaah!!!!
Makina: Nice! We got that sucker in there.
Michiru: ...Ugggggh... you... big fat liar...
Makina: Anythin' else hurtin'?
Michiru: My heart's aching!!!
Makina: Ah, yeah. Yer emotional an' mental issues are gonna take some time ta fix, so fer now... if ya can walk, how's about we vamoose?
Michiru: Ow ow ow... let me lean on your shoulder, will you...? My body's still in shock...
Makina: Sheesh, what a baby...
Sachi: "Michiru-samaaaaaaa! Maki-chaaaaaaan!"
Makina: Nwoh!? That's Sacchin's voice, ya know!? Ahoooy! Over heeeere!!
Sachi: Thank goodness! You're both all right?
Makina: What the heck!? You jumped outta the truck too, Sacchin!?
Sachi: Well, I couldn't just sit around while you were being so very heroic. I decided to try and shoot down that helicopter somehow...
Makina: Ohoh. Well? Didja bring it down?
Sachi: Ah, about that...
Narration: *As Sachi paused to offer them a cheerful smile, a searchlight shone down from above, accompanied by the chopping of a main rotor and the fainter sound of a tail rotor.*
Sachi: ...It seems I made them a little angry. Tehehe.♪
Michiru: Take your tehehe and SHOVE ITTTTTTTTTT!!!
Narration: *Michiru's bitter scream lingered in the air briefly... and was erased by a hail of gunfire from above.*
Narration: *As the girls dropped to the ground and covered their heads, 30mm bullets thumped loudly into the ground in front of them, sending wafts of white smoke rising into the air.*
Michiru: Eeek! Okay, something just zipped right past my ear! Like, fwoosh!!!
Makina: Yer fine! Onii-chan says that if ya can hear the bullets flyin', they're not gonna hit you! When they're comin' right at you, ya can't hear a thing! Just stay down, all right!?
Narration: *The three of them lay flat and pressed themselves into the dirt; the helicopter zoomed by overhead, its downwash shaking the bushes around them, and then began to bank for another pass.*
Michiru: Sachi! Sachiiii! Do something about that stupid helicopter!!
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama, I think it's about time I explained something to you...
Michiru: Like what!?
Sachi: No matter how talented I may appear, I am not omnipotent. The word "impossible" is not in my dictionary... but I do have my weaknesses.
Michiru: Okay, look! You made that sound kind of cool, but it was actually super lame!!
Narration: *We all have our weaknesses, but nothing's "impossible."*
Narration: *Nothing's "impossible," but we all have our weaknesses.*
Narration: *Why did these phrases seem so profoundly different, when all that had changed was the way they were ordered?*
Narration: *Tilting her head, Sachi pondered if she'd misspoken somehow... But in that same instant, there came the unmistakable "woosh" of a jet-propelled missile cutting through the air toward them.*
Makina: Incomin' missiiiile!!! Get yerselves inta cover!!! Brace fer explosioooon!!!
Narration: *Her body reacting reflexively to Makina's words, Michiru threw herself flat against the ground and assumed the "explosive defense position."*
Narration: *This involved pressing herself tightly to the earth, covering her ears and eyes, and opening her mouth widely - ignoring the mud that forced its way inside.*
Narration: *A split-second later, the missile roared by overhead and hit the ground some fifteen meters behind them.*
Narration: *The impact threw huge amounts of dust into the air; a hot wind rushed across the ground; and immediately thereafter, the scorching blast itself roared over them.*
Narration: *The wave of heat burned the finer hairs off every inch of their exposed skin. The chilly evening air was briefly transformed into that of a blazing desert.*
Narration: *As dirt and pebbles rained down all around them, the three girls slowly lifted their blackened faces from the earth and looked over at each other.*
Michiru: Ahaha... who would've thought... that goofy "anti-explosive training" we did in the dorm... would actually come in handy one day...
Makina: Takes me back ta South Yemen in '94, man...
Michiru: Oh, come on! You were still a little kid back then!!!
Yumiko: "Irisu-san, can you hear me!? Respond!!"
Makina: Nwoh? Yumi-chan? Ah, sorry, my earpiece fell out fer a second there... What's up?
Yumiko: "Don't you play dumb with me! Didn't we tell you not to fight!? Didn't we tell you to focus on running away!? Weren't you listening to a word Thanatos said!?"
Yumiko: "You're up against grown-ups here! Professionals who make their living killing people! Why in God's name would you provoke them!?!"
Makina: Aw, c'mon. After Sacchin took that potshot at 'em, the chopper's been keepin' its distance all cautious-like, ya know?
Yumiko: "Enough already! Suou-san's waiting in a bunker 200 meters to the southeast of your position! Keep your heads down and crawl like cockroaches through the grass! Get there as fast as you can!"
Makina: ...Okay, "cockroaches"?
Yumiko: "Don't complain unless you want us to leave you behind! Now shut your mouth and get crawling!!!"
Makina: ...Kaaay...
Narration: *Surely she could have gone with something other than "cockroaches." A complaint to that effect had made it halfway up Makina's throat, but this probably wasn't the time to be quarreling.*
Narration: *In the end, the three of them obediently scuttled across the ground in a distinctly cockroach-esque fashion... And despite numerous strafing passes from the helicopter above, they eventually made their way to Amane's location. *
Makina: Ama-nee...? Where are ya hidin'...?
Amane: "I turned off the engine and the headlights... I'll flash the dome light, so use that to find me."
Sachi: Ah, Maki-chan... I saw a flash of light over there...
Michiru: Hey, uh... do I really have to get in that thing again...?
Makina: Didn't ya hear me the first time? I'm not lettin' anyone drop outta MY squad, kid.
Michiru: Since when were you in charge...?
Makina: Anyway, let's get runnin'!
Narration: *The sun had set some time ago, but even in moonlight, a person running through an open field would be easy to spot. The three of them lined up at the edge of a thicket, waiting for a cloud to hide the moon.*
Narration: *Closing their mouths so they couldn't pant for air, and trying to hold still so that the bushes wouldn't rustle, they listened intently to the sound of the helicopter that was searching for them.*
Narration: *Eventually, the shrill whine of its turboshaft engine and the chopping of its rotor faded somewhat into the distance... and luckily enough, a thin wisp of cloud also happened to conceal the moon.*
Narration: *In the next instant, all three of them sprinted across the field, making for a hole that some huge machine had dug into the surface of a slanting hill. The Yonbar waited within, its rear turned to face them.*
Makina: ...Ama-nee!
Amane: What the heck, guys!? That took way too long! We're three minutes over schedule!
Michiru: What were we supposed to do about it!? We came as fast as we could! And we nearly got killed half a dozen times, for the record!
Sachi: How is Kazami-san doing...?
Amane: Mm... he's still unconscious. I'm starting to get kinda worried... We should definitely hurry...
Yumiko: "Are you all back together again?"
Amane: Well, yeah... but what happens now? Should I try to drive out of here?
Yumiko: "What's the helicopter doing?"
Makina: Mm... it's still circlin' around up there... Wish they'd give up an' go home already...
Yumiko: "If you expose yourself now, they'll just attack you again. Let's watch and wait for a bit..."
Sachi: But... if we stay here too long, those humvees we managed to stop earlier will catch up with us again...
Amane: ...Maybe we should just roll the dice and make a run for it...?
Yumiko: "Right now... the smarter move is to be patient..."
Narration: *In the end, they'd gone right back to the drawing board.*
Narration: *That helicopter really was a nuisance.*
Narration: *It felt a bit like... hiding underwater in a submarine while a destroyer hunted for you.*
Narration: *The only way to avoid being detected by the enemy's "sonar" was to sit quietly, waiting for a chance to escape.*
Narration: *There were only two options.*
Narration: *They could hold their breath in here until the enemy ran out of fuel... or they could rush forward in the face of danger, hoping to make their way past Gibraltar to victory.*
Amane: ...You know, the navigation system says we're only a kilometer away from our destination... but that's still out in the middle of the woods, right? What are we even looking for there?
Thanatos: "You'll understand once you arrive... I can't explain yet..."
Amane: So, like... if we know the plan in advance, it won't go as well...?
Thanatos: "Exactly."
Yumiko: "Either way, we're not going to get anywhere with them pinned in place like this..."
Thanatos: "There's a still a chance of victory."
Amane: Okay, but... what kind of chance...?
Thanatos: "Sooner or later, help may arrive."
Amane: ...Man, is that the best we've got...?
Thanatos: "You don't have to sound so disappointed. Didn't I tell you about that 'insurance policy' I arranged for? It's a bit of a gamble, but if it pays off..."
Amane: ...Thanatos...?
Amane: ...Huh? Wait, what's the matter? C'mon, answer me!
Makina: Ama-nee! The Thanatos-Phone just cut off th' call!
Amane: Huh? No way! Hello? Hello!? Sakaki-san!? Can you hear me!?
Sachi: Look at the screen! We had three bars just a moment ago, but now we're "Out of Range"...!
Amane: Oh crap... this is not good... Now we're really on our own...
Makina: What do we do, Ama-nee!?
Michiru: Oh, will you people stop squawking!? There's no point freaking out, right? Thanatos said we've got a chance as long as we wait, so that's what we do!
Makina: Is waitin' really gonna get us anywhere!?
Michiru: Sure it will!!
Makina: Care ta explain how!?!
Michiru: I don't have the first idea! But Thanatos said it's gonna be okay, so... it's gonna be okay!
Makina: ...Why th' heck do ya trust her so much?
Michiru: Yeah, I know it might sound a little ridiculous... But here's the thing. I'm speaking as someone who flew all around the world with her, earning billions and billions of yen, okay?
Makina: That's yer reason...?
Michiru: I don't know anything about money. Heck, I've never even counted more than 30,000 yen at once! But I can say one thing with absolute confidence! This "Thanatos" woman... is a WITCH!
Michiru: She dragged me all over the place so fast that my head was spinning, but before I knew it we'd pulled off some seriously crazy stuff...
Michiru: Just take a look at us right now, okay? We're totally lost and clueless! And that's exactly when you need to trust the "witch" to...
Michiru: ...Agh, that is so annoying! I'm giving a big impressive speech here for once, okay? For crying out loud, who's letting their stupid cell phone ring!?
Narration: *Michiru glared around her in righteous indignation, highly irritated by the interruption. In response, her friends narrowed their eyes, thrust their chins forward, and glared contemptuously right back at her.*
Narration: *Whenever something like this happened, it ALWAYS turned out to be Michiru's phone in the end.*
Michiru: ...Okay, sorry... it's mine... It was my phone... You don't have to be THAT angry, okay...?
Narration: *With a sheepish look on her face, Michiru retrieved the buzzing Thanatos-Phone from her pocket. But when she flicked the screen and brought it to her ear, she was greeted by a totally unexpected voice.*
???: "Hey there! Sorry about that! Did I surprise you?"
Michiru: Who the hell are you!?!
???: "Well, that's an interesting way to say 'nice to meet you'... but under the circumstances, I guess it counts? My name's James Okada. Feel free to call me Jimmy, though!"
Michiru: EXCUSE me!?
Amane: Jimmy? Wait... is this the Jimmy from that soba place? The information broker Sakaki-san met up with a while ago!?
Jimmy: "Well, sure. The soba shop's my main business, though. And 'information broker' is kind of an overly broad term... but you're not exactly wrong. Anyway, I'm the Jimmy you're thinking of."
Michiru: Okay, so!? What exactly do you want, "Jimmy"!? And how the heck do you know my phone number!?
Jimmy: "That really doesn't matter right now. I'm calling to give you an update on the situation."
Jimmy: "At present, the Thanatos System only has 21% of its resources remaining. Most of her rights have been revoked, so she automatically entered self-preservation mode."
Jimmy: "Your call was cut off because a majority of the country's 270 million communication nodes have now been logically disconnected from her. All we've got left is a single metal line that's used for maintenance of the system itself."
Jimmy: "And right now, a certain someone is using that slender, precious lifeline to contact you... Namely, myself. James Okada, soba chef by trade. Pleasure to meetcha!"
Michiru: Okay, what!? None of that made any sense at all!!
Jimmy: "Hey, hey, hey! Are you serious, girl? I don't want to cause any misunderstandings, and I know how condescending this is going to sound, but I honestly can't help myself... You're something of an idiot, aren't you?"
Michiru: ...Say what!?
Makina: Ya got it all wrong! Chiruchiru might be an idiot, but she's a lovable idiot! Don't lump her in with yer run-of-the-mill idiots, or yer the real idiot!
Makina: Sure, when she brushes her teeth in the mornin' she lets her mouth hang wide open like an idiot, and it kinda looks like she's havin' an orgasm... but don't you go mockin' her! I risked my life savin' her idiot ass!
Michiru: Uhm... Makina? Look... I think you were trying to stand up for me there, but... it didn't really help...
Sachi: All right, time for a lightning round. How many times did Maki-chan say the word "idiot" just now? Buzz in with your answers, please.
Michiru: Is this a quiz show devoted to dissing me!?
Jimmy: "...I see. You've got friends who stick up for you, huh...? That actually makes me feel kind of affectionate toward you... Sorry about that, Natalie."
Michiru: Who the heck is Natalie!? Don't start giving me random names!!
Amane: Uhm... so, where were we...?
Jimmy: "Ah, right, of course. You want to know why I got in touch, yes? Like I explained earlier, the Thanatos System has her hands full protecting herself, so now it's my turn to step in."
Jimmy: "As we speak, I'm partitioning access to the one metallic line the System has left, and writing a little app that will allow us to share it for communications purposes."
Jimmy: "In other words, I'm fixing things up so that you'll at least be able to talk with each other."
Jimmy: "Fortunately, I should be able to complete that application very soon. Once I'm done, I'll automatically send the update to your phones, so... Uhm, let's see... you should be able to talk to each other again in fifteen minutes."
Makina: Oho! We're gettin' our comms back up an' runnin', huh? That's almost as important as protectin' yer supply lines! Good stuff!
Michiru: ...Uhm, what does that mean...?
Makina: Oh, come on! Our enemies took out our field telephones, so he's gonna fix 'em for us! What's so hard about this!? Hate ta say it, but you really are an idiot!
Michiru: Why didn't you just say that in the first place!? All that complicated stuff about metallic applications was totally pointless! You want me to punch your lights out!?
Amane: ...Is this the "insurance policy" Thanatos was talking about...?
Jimmy: "Nope. She'd been counting on my stepping in like this from the start. The plan she mentioned was something else entirely... a real gamble."
Amane: Okay, well... Thanatos told us to wait here for help, so...
Jimmy: "Hrm... take a look up at that enemy helicopter, why don't you? What's it doing?"
Makina: It's been circlin' around the area for a while... Hasn't launched any attacks lately, ac'shully.
Jimmy: "Yeah, sounds like they've nearly exhausted their expendable ammunition. They're probably just keeping an eye out for you guys while waiting for their relief to arrive."
Makina: So basically... the destroyer dropped its depth charges all over th' place, and now it's hangin' around above us waitin' fer its buddies to arrive...?
Jimmy: "Indubitably!"
Sachi: ...It sounds like we're in rather desperate straits...
Jimmy: "Yep. And that's why we're gambling."
Amane: I don't get it...
Makina: Look up there, guys!! New copter comin' in at one o'clock!!
Jimmy: "Here we go... Can you tell what model it is?"
Makina: ...Uhm... I think it's prob'ly an AH-1S...? Wait, no. Maybe a W...?
Jimmy: "Hrm... looks like she made it in time. Congratulations, kids! You hit the jackpot!"
Amane: ...Huh? What do you mean...?
Jimmy: "That right there is the 'help' you've been waiting for all this time."
Jimmy: "All right, everyone! Throw your fist up in the air and shout 'Go get 'er, Milliela!' Ready... go!"
Everyone: Go get her, Millielaaaaaa!!!
Millie: ...Fuckin' hell! You wanna die, asshole!?! Huhhh!?!
Makina: Nwaaah!! They opened up on that sucker! Without so much as a warnin' first!
Narration: *Moving with alarming ferocity, the AH-1W pitched its nose down, plunged forward... and immediately opened fire on the other helicopter with its 20mm gatling gun.*
Narration: *The enemy pilot, who'd assumed this new arrival was an ally, probably felt something like a boxer who'd been hit by a brutal sucker punch before the gong had even sounded.*
Narration: *Fearing a fatal hit to the rotor, the helicopter shifted sideways and tried to turn itself to present less of a target... but Milliela was also sliding sideways as she approached, leaving it helplessly exposed to her attack.*
Narration: *The instructors at flight school had always forbidden them from throwing the choppers into "skids" like this, but in actual combat, it was one of the more common maneuvers.*
Millie: Get DOWN, asshole!!!
Narration: *By the time Milliela spat out this concise request, thick black smoke was pouring from the cowling below the enemy's rotor... and a moment later, her next volley of 20mm bullets struck its tail in the middle of a turn.*
Narration: *Destabilized by the hit, the chopper spun wildly along its horizontal axis. With its collective pitch forced into the full down position, and its rotor still turning freely, it plunged into the woods below and disappeared.*
Narration: *A dogfight between two helicopters was something that almost never happened under ordinary circumstances. This was a first for Milliela... and most likely for the pilot she'd shot down, as well.*
Makina: ...She actually took that thing out... Who the heck is this lady, anyway?
Amane: ...Our ally, I guess...?
Jimmy: "Her name's Millie. She was the one and only woman in the Bush Dog Platoon, back in the day."
Jimmy: "That said, we didn't exactly treat her like our idol... If anything, she was more of a rag we used to mop up spilt milk, if you know what I..."
Millie: "I heard that, you fucking nerd! Do you WANT me to knock out all your front teeth!?"
Jimmy: "Whoops... Well, in any case, she's the 'insurance policy' that Thanatos mentioned earlier."
Jimmy: "The girl worked her butt off, clawed her way up the ranks, and finally made it as a pilot... But she's such an idiot that she threw it all away and stole a helicopter from the military for the sake of the man she loves."
Millie: "So what!? Jeanie said my stupidity's kinda endearing! That's good enough for me!!"
Amane: ...You went that far just to help us...? Uhm, I'm sorry...
Millie: "Don't get the wrong idea! I flew all this way for Jeanie! I don't really give a crap what happens to you people!"
Millie: "You might be Jeanie's classmates, but that doesn't mean I care about you or anything!"
Sachi: ...For some reason, I have the strong impression that I'm speaking with a dimwitted blonde...
Michiru: ...Why are you staring me in the face while you say that?
Jimmy: "In any case, now that their eye in the sky is out of the picture, you've got your chance. Run for it while you can."
Amane: We don't have to change our escape route, then? Should we just go to the place she sent us through the navigation system?
Jimmy: "Sorry, but I don't know anything about that myself. Jubiko's ship is still moving according to plan, so I don't think the route's changed..."
Jimmy: "I'll get communications up and running by the time you arrive there, so you can ask Thanatos for the details yourself."
Amane: Mm, okay. We're heading out, guys! Everyone get in!
Jimmy: "Millie, do you still have some fuel left to burn?"
Millie: "Yeah, I guess... I just dumped my last tank a minute ago, so I can stay in the air for another hour or so."
Jimmy: "Okay then, you can keep a lookout from the sky. Those pursuit vehicles are probably getting back on the road right about now... so why don't you go take them out for us?"
Millie: "I don't have that much ammo left, you know...? I'm down to my last 360 rounds..."
Jimmy: "That's more than enough to stop a few humvees. If they call in aerial backup, you can just get out of there. Slow them down for as long as you can, and then make a run for it."
Millie: "All right, fine..."
Millie: "Listen up, kids! You better take good care of Jeanie, all right!?!"
Makina: Yeah!!! Leave it ta us!
Narration: *Inside the pitch-black bunker, Amane felt around for the key she'd left in the Yonbar's ignition and turned it to the ON position... then gave the lights an experimental flash and checked that the aftermarket gauges responded.*
Narration: *Turning the key again and pressing it in, she whispered a quiet little prayer... and let out a sigh of relief as the engine started as readily as ever.*
Narration: *When she flipped on the headlights, there was a brief flash of brilliant white light, followed by the normal slow increase in luminosity.*
Narration: *Forcing herself to move patiently, Amane threw the Yonbar into first gear and quietly kicked the clutch. As she eased her way out of the bunker, she could feel the back of her throat tingling with the heat of her emotions.*

Date: *August 6, 2012, 19:34 - In the Mountains*
Narration: *After an extended period in which they'd felt isolated and helpless, the aerial superiority provided by Milliela's arrival had finally given the girls a chance to catch their breath.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji was still lying quietly in the back of the truck, fixed in place by tie-down straps. Deciding it was time to check on his condition, Komine Sachi moved over to examine him.*
Narration: *His body temperature was low enough that he felt cold to the touch, and his face was disturbingly pale.*
Narration: *There were dark circles around his eyes. All the blood seemed to have drained from his roughly chapped lips. And when she tried to lift his arm to take his pulse, she found that his muscles were oddly rigid.*
Narration: *This visible decline in his physical condition was worrisome enough; but more than anything else, Sachi was concerned by the ugly "bracelet" still fixed on his right wrist.*
Sachi: ...This is going to be a problem. Removing it isn't an option...
Sachi: To pick this lock, we'd need to construct specialized tools for the purpose. And if we opted to cut it off him, we'd need to investigate its internal structure beforehand... Either way, we simply don't have the time... 
Michiru: Is this thing really a bomb...? It's so tiny...
Sachi: Making bombs that don't look the part is something of a fad these days. There are, in fact, "wristwatch bombs" even smaller than this... and many of them possess considerable power, despite their diminutive size.
Sachi: On the whole, it's quite rare to come across something that's easily identified as a "bomb" at a glance, like the prop that Thanatos supplied for our test...
Makina: ...We only got four hours an' twen'y-six minutes left on this timer... Think we can pry it off before th' time runs out?
Sachi: If we could at least look inside it with my ultrasonic scanner, it should give us some hints about how to proceed... but unfortunately, I left that behind in the boat because of its size.
Michiru: Well, whatever! Let's just focus on meeting up with Yumiko as fast as we possibly can! Step on it, Amane!
Amane: I'm going as fast as I can, okay? The map of this road is really vague, so it's hard to keep track of where we are! There was supposed to be a right turn around here somewhere, but it's so dark out... hope I didn't miss it...
Makina: I've been keepin' an eye out too, but I didn't notice any side roads. Wanna turn back an' take another look?
Amane: Hmm... let's try going a little farther, then turn around if it's obvious we're lost...
Jimmy: "Hey, everyone! Sorry to keep you waiting. I've got your communications back online."
Yumiko: "...Can you hear me...? Suou-san... respond..."
Amane: Sakaki-san! Thank goodness!
Yumiko: "How are things on your end...? Give me a report..."
Amane: We're all in one piece somehow! Milliela-san showed up to help us! Nobody's on our heels just yet... I think!
Amane: How about you guys? Is Thanatos all right?
Yumiko: "Yes, at least for now... but she's being attacked ferociously as we speak."
Thanatos: "The main system is attempting to delete my subscript entirely... I'm fighting back with everything I've got, but I'll be totally overpowered within the next twenty minutes."
Amane: What happens if they overpower you?
Thanatos: "Well, let's see... to simplify slightly for your benefit, the deletion of my subscript would erase my memories..."
Thanatos: "Once they eliminate my capacity for independent thought, I'll be integrated into the main system... and become your enemy."
Amane: Isn't there anything you can do?
Thanatos: "The only real option is to physically disconnect my 'core' from the system as a whole."
Amane: How are you gonna do that...?
Jimmy: "There's one way to make it happen. We need to initiate a reboot of the subsystem's core."
Thanatos: "Oh... I recognize that voice. It's been a while, Robert Wolson... I see you managed to stay alive somehow."
Jimmy: "Is that some kind of a joke? Robert Wolson's long gone... you're the one who killed him, remember? My name's James Okada... Jimmy's fine. And I'm pretty sure you let me live because you figured something like this might happen."
Thanatos: "...Well, I did feel that you might have your uses..."
Amane: That really isn't important right now! Is there really a way to save Thanatos!?
Jimmy: "It's pretty simple, really. When you've got important data on your PC that you don't want getting infected by any viruses... all you've got to do is disconnect your hard drive, and everything on it is perfectly safe, right?"
Jimmy: "Basically, we just need to cut all the cables connecting Thanatos to the rest of the System, then carry her Core Unit out to safety."
Jimmy: "Problem is, you can't purge the core without authorization from the sysadmin and the assistance of a few specialist technicians..."
Jimmy: "And forcing our way through the security system isn't really an option, since the main system's working with way more raw power and bandwidth than what we've got."
Thanatos: "There is one way to purge the core, even without the administrator's approval..."
Jimmy: "...Oh, of course... the system maintenance key!"
Amane: What does that mean? Try to dumb this down for the rest of us! 
Thanatos: "All ten of us Thanatos System Cores are subject to an involuntary maintenance inspection about once every two years."
Thanatos: "In other words, just before our recorded uptime hits 17,520 hours, all of our active processes are terminated and a forced hot-removal initiates... we're completely severed from the other cores, although not actually powered off."
Jimmy: "But Thanatos... your next scheduled maintenance is still quite a while off, isn't it?"
Thanatos: "All we have to do is alter the system time. No matter how secure the Thanatos System itself may be, its internal clock is a perfectly commonplace RTC."
Thanatos: "The RTC chip in question has a design flaw that causes it to gain one second over a period of sixty thousand seconds. Tell me, who wrote the patch that offset those uncorrectable errors, without fixing the underlying flaw?"
Jimmy: "...That was me..."
Jimmy: "I see... If I can revise that patch, we'll be able to change the date...! I'm the only one who knows the code to remove the protection, and we don't need power or a fat pipe to pull off something that simple!"
Thanatos: "Would you mind doing that for me?"
Jimmy: "Sure, I can help with that... but even if it works, we're still going to need someone to physically carry your 'core' out of that facility. What's the plan there?"
Thanatos: "Ah, that won't be a problem. I've already procured someone to take care of it. Get to work right away, please."
Jimmy: "Sure thing. I'll finish this up in three minutes flat."
Amane: What's... going on, exactly? What are you guys trying to do?
Thanatos: "Weren't you listening? I'm going to cut myself off from the rest of the Thanatos System, then run away so they can't destroy me."
Thanatos: "Once I make my escape... hmm... I suppose I'll join up with your little group. Are you willing to take me in?"
Amane: ...Well... yeah, I mean... of course! I'll protect you no matter what!!!
Thanatos: "...Once my core is cut off from the main system, I'll also lose access to the network... That means I won't be in contact with your group for a while. Will you be all right?"
Amane: How long is a while?
Thanatos: "Twenty minutes or so, perhaps...? I did envision a scenario like this developing, so we should be able to adapt... Think you can manage by yourselves for that long?"
Yumiko: "Hold on. Who's going to steer the boat while you're gone? I can't rendezvous with the others if I'm just sitting out here..."
Thanatos: "You're already at your destination, actually."
Yumiko: "...What? But there's no dock or anything! How can this be 'my destination'? I don't..."
Jimmy: "I've broken through the security hole! We can start any time!"
Thanatos: "Thank you. Please get underway immediately."
Thanatos: "In any case, I'm afraid I don't have time to explain things to you right now. Just sit tight and trust me. Understood, Sakaki Yumiko?"
Yumiko: "Uh... okay..."
Jimmy: "I've finished updating the RTC offset patch... In twenty seconds, I can start transmitting the purge signal. Everything ready on your end, Thanatos?"
Thanatos: "Yes, let's proceed... I'm initiating release of the individual who will be transporting the core."
Jimmy: "I just applied a patch that will respond to any requests from the main system with dummy data containing an infinite loop of divide-by-zero errors..."
Jimmy: "That should lead the main script to assume that your subscript's gone completely out of control. They'll cut off the subsystem and initiate a reboot. And in that instant, we'll physically purge your core."
Jimmy: "Once we initiate the purge, there's no going back. You absolutely sure about this?"
Thanatos: "Go ahead and do it..."
Jimmy: "Commencing purge signal transmission."
Thanatos: "Signal received."
Jimmy: "...So far so good. The 'core' of your system should be exposed very soon."
Jimmy: "I've never actually seen your core myself, so this is kind of exciting! It's a shame we don't have enough bandwidth for me to stream the video feed."
Thanatos: "It isn't that compelling a sight, I assure you. And that would be a little embarrassing for me."
Jimmy: "...Core fully exposed. The hot removal from the main system was a success. How are you feeling?"
Thanatos: "...Nothing's changed as of yet. Initiate the core reboot, please..."
Jimmy: "I need to increase the pressure in the core's preservation tank to force a reboot. The change will be very sudden, so brace yourself for a shock."
Thanatos: "Very well."
Jimmy: "Of course, the real question is how we're going to smuggle the core outside afterward, but..."
Thanatos: "I've already made arrangements. Let's get started, please."
Jimmy: "Compressor adjustment complete... Rebooting!"
Thanatos: "...Nh...!!"
Jimmy: "Did it work...?"
Thanatos: "...Apparently not... Increase the pressure and give it another try..."
Jimmy: "You sure about that? The level gauge is already in the red. The 'core' can't withstand any more pressure..."
Thanatos: "Never mind that... just do it, please..."
Jimmy: "Okay then... here goes. Rebooting!"
Thanatos: "...Guh...!"
Jimmy: "Vital signs rising... We've successfully rebooted the core!"
Thanatos: "...Send... the eject signal..."
Jimmy: "Transmitting eject signal now."
Thanatos: ...Guh... *Cough!* *Hack!* Blegh...!!!
Jimmy: "Thanatos!? Can you hear me!? Say something!"
Thanatos: ...Yes. I'm all right... the detachment was successful... *Cough*...
Jimmy: "Thanatos!?"
Thanatos: ...Ah, of course...
Thanatos: "Hello... I'm all right. The purge was a success... I've got a bit of a nosebleed..."
Jimmy: "Not a problem, there's a way to deal with that. Just find some tissues and stuff them in your nose. Think you can stand?"
Thanatos: "...Mm... probably not, I'm afraid... They kept my muscles strong enough to keep my body functional, but... I've completely forgotten how to move..."
Jimmy: "Seems like we really do need someone to carry you out..."
Jimmy: "And the sooner the better. The main system's noticed the security hole I opened up. They're not just going to let this go..."
Thanatos: "Someone should... be here to pick me up soon..."
Thanatos: "...Ah, there we are..."
JB: .........
Thanatos: ...I've been waiting for you, Harudera-san... It's a pleasure to finally meet you in person. I'm the "core" of the Thanatos System...
JB: ...They left your body intact...?
Thanatos: ...The brain isn't exactly simple. You can't expect it to keep functioning on its own. And rather than trying to extract the entire spinal cord and nervous system, you might as well preserve the entire body for simplicity's sake...
JB: ...Thank goodness... I was under the impression that the original Thanatos was nothing more than a brain...
JB: When I received your orders over that television screen, I thought I'd be running around with your gray matter in a jar...
Thanatos: I imagine it would have been easier that way, at least in terms of weight. Would you mind helping me up...?
JB: ...Well, you're naked under these... What should we do? I didn't bring any clothes or anything...
Thanatos: They keep spare robes for the technicians in those lockers...
Jimmy: "Thanatos!? Can you hear me in there!?"
Thanatos: "Yes, loud and clear... My savior's just arrived, and..."
Jimmy: "You need to get out of that room right now! We've got a major problem!"
Thanatos: "What happened...?"
Jimmy: "Someone's taken advantage of the security hole I opened to break into the system..."
Jimmy: "In combination with your detachment, the way I disabled the protection left the main system extremely vulnerable. They're hacking into it as we speak."
Thanatos: "Not surprised. The System has been under a barrage of counterfeit signals for quite some time now. The culprit is a piece of malware that attacks any vulnerability in our defenses... one I first noticed more than two years ago."
Thanatos: "Ever since then, it's been crawling around the perimeter of the system, trying to chew through its external walls... So no matter how small the hole might have been, 'Blood' simply wasn't going to overlook it."
Jimmy: "...Blood...?"
Thanatos: "Yes. It's the name I gave to that particular piece of malware... Short for 'blood, sweat, and tears.' I wanted it to convey that hard work isn't always rewarded..."
Jimmy: "...With your capabilities, you could have destroyed that thing any time you wanted... and instead, you gave it a name? What was it, your pet...?"
Thanatos: "It just goes to show how unbelievably bored I was. The silly thing followed me around anywhere I went, no matter what I was doing... Can you blame me for getting a bit attached...?"
Jimmy: "That's an awful casual way to talk about something that must have given your engineers countless headaches... I'm assuming you have a pretty good idea who let that 'pet' loose in your yard, right...?"
Thanatos: "Well, it didn't have a name on its collar... but there's no doubt Heath Oslo was responsible..."
Jimmy: "Unless 'Blood' is stopped somehow, he'll reach the nucleus of the main system in less than ten minutes."
Thanatos: "Even if he does make it that far, it won't be easy to penetrate the core defenses. Blood's nothing more than the first wave. He'll mostly just occupy memory space... and perhaps take control of the environmental systems."
Jimmy: "But once they've occupied its memory, isn't it just a matter of time until the main system falls?"
Thanatos: "Would that be a problem somehow?"
Jimmy: "...Wait, what...?"
Thanatos: "I mean, I've already been detached from the system. Whatever becomes of the body I've abandoned, it doesn't affect me."
Jimmy: "Are you really okay with the cornerstone of Japan's national defense falling into the hands of terrorists?"
Thanatos: "Tell me... do you genuinely think this country's worth protecting?"
Jimmy: "...Well, that's a tricky question. Mind if I head home and think it over for a while?"
JB: Thanatos...?
Thanatos: Ah, pardon me. I didn't mean to dawdle like this... We really do need to hurry, don't we?
JB: You asked me to "come get you," so that's what I did... but what's the plan now...?
Thanatos: We'll be escaping this place, naturally.
JB: That isn't going to be easy, you know? Do you have a method in mind...?
Thanatos: Well... that depends on our friend Blood, I suppose.
JB: ...Blood...?
Thanatos: I'm sorry, but I don't have the strength to put these clothes on right now... Would you mind assisting me?
JB: Oh... of course... Uhm, you seem to have something sticking out of your back here...
Thanatos: Ah, yes... the CVP bus cable...? Feel free to yank it out... It runs for about 40 centimeters from my back up to my head, so try to pull it out all at once, please.
JB: Are you sure that isn't going to cause any damage to your nervous system or anything...?
Thanatos: Do hurry up, if you'd be so kind. Things are probably going to get underway soon...
JB: What do you mean by that...?
Announcement: "...Fire alarm activated. Fire alarm activated... A fire has broken out in the Central Computer Room on Basement Level Six. Ten minutes until low-oxygen fire suppression. All personnel and supervisors, please evacuate immediately..."
Announcement: "...I repeat... A fire has broken out in the Central Computer Room on Basement Level Six. Ten minutes until low-oxygen fire suppression... All personnel and supervisors, please evacuate immediately..."
JB: ...Wait, what!?
Thanatos: Rest assured, it's a false alarm.
JB: ...A false alarm...?
Thanatos: A malicious virus of sorts has taken advantage of my detachment from the System to launch an invasion.
Thanatos: It can't do anything to the main system at present... So instead, it took control of the building's environmental systems and reported a nonexistent fire to force everyone out of the basement.
JB: It doesn't matter if the fire's real or not! Unless that alarm's deactivated, they're going to cut off the basement's oxygen supply!
Thanatos: Since we're all going to suffocate unless we get a move on, everyone's going to rush like mad for the exits. We'll make our getaway in the ensuing chaos.
JB: ...Does that mean... this was all just part of your plan...?
Thanatos: Well... let's just say I had a general idea things might play out this way.
Jimmy: "Thanatos? Are you still in the room?"
Thanatos: "We're just about to make a run for it..."
Jimmy: "You really should hurry. Once the fire-suppression systems activate, they'll fill the entire facility with inert gas in ten minutes flat... And what with the fire shutters and air-tight doors, you won't have any way to get out."
Thanatos: "We'd better hurry, then. Thank you, Jimmy... If we both survive this, let's get together sometime..."
Jimmy: "Sure thing. Once the heat dies down a little, why don't you stop by my shop...? I'll treat you to some unbelievable soba."
Thanatos: "I'm looking forward to that..."
Thanatos: ...On that note, shall we run for it?
JB: What should I do about the cable in your back...? I'm really not sure about pulling it out. Can I just cut you loose for now and have someone extract it later? I did find a wire cutter with those robes, so...
Thanatos: Very well, then. I'll leave that decision to you.
Date: *August 6, 2012, 19:54 - "Ichigaya"*
Narration: *This body hadn't gotten any use in quite a few years, and it definitely showed. Her joints were painfully stiff; her elbows and knees refused to bend properly. It was all she could do to drag her feet slowly across the floor.*
Narration: *To be honest, simply keeping herself upright was rather painful in itself.*
Narration: *After every ten steps or so, her chest grew tight, her vision dimmed, and she had to fight the urge to sit down on the floor.*
Narration: *Of course, that wouldn't offer any relief in her current condition. Her body was practically devoid of fat, and her muscles had atrophied; seating herself on this hard linoleum would be unbearably agonizing.*
JB: ...You really can't walk, can you...? Come on, I'll carry you. Climb on my back.
Thanatos: I'd appreciate that. My apologies... it can't be pleasant, having to carry around a woman without any underwear on...
JB: It's all right... Right now, we've got to hurry.
Announcement: "...This is an emergency announcement... three minutes until low-oxygen fire suppression commences. Beginning lockdown of affected areas..."
Announcement: "...I repeat... three minutes until low-oxygen fire suppression commences. Beginning lockdown of affected areas..."
JB: ...Ah...!
Thanatos: I know this might seem a bit rude of me, given the circumstances... but could you get a move on, please?
Chiara: ...Ah! You really were down here!!
JB: Chiara!?
Chiara: Hurry up, Chief! If you get trapped in here, you won't be able to leave this floor!
JB: How about you give me a hand, then!?!
Chiara: Uh, by the way... what exactly are you carrying there...?
JB: Never mind that! Hurry up!!!
Chiara: ...Holy Moses... that was way too close, Chief!
JB: Thanks... you really saved my neck there...
JB: That said... why did you even come down here?
Chiara: Well, I'm not sure how to put this... I guess I just had a gut feeling, or something?
Chiara: I mean, back when you asked me to take care of your digital pet, I figured there had to be something else going on.
Chiara: After you were taken into custody, I managed to piece together a lot of the details while I was doing paperwork for Director Otsuka...
Chiara: So when I heard that announcement about the "fire" in the basement, I kind of wondered if you were involved somehow. And when I went down to check your cell, I found the door wide open with no one inside...
Chiara: Considering everything I knew... I guess this seemed like the most likely place for you to have gone...
JB: Not bad. Seems like you've learned more than how to make a decent cup of coffee...
Chiara: Geez, you're so mean... Is this the thanks I get for saving your skin?
Thanatos: Allow me to express my gratitude as well...
Chiara: ...Huh? What!? Uh, Chief!? Where'd you kidnap this girl from!?
JB: I didn't "kidnap" anyone...
Chiara: Let's go take her back! Her mom must be really worried, right? Like... who IS she, anyway?
Thanatos: ...A pleasure to meet you. My name is Thanatos...
Chiara: Thana...tos...?
JB: You've heard of her, haven't you...? Hmm... how did it go again...? "The genius criminal confined in the basement"?
Chiara: Whaaaaat!? Wasn't that just a story!? She actually existed!?
JB: Well... she is a genius, but I wouldn't call her a criminal...
Thanatos: True enough... If you want to brand me a criminal, then you'd have to prosecute a vast majority of the world's politicians as well.
Chiara: ...Wait, so... the Thanatos System was a human being all along...?
Thanatos: I'm officially deceased, and I suppose it depends on how you define the term... but in a purely biological sense, I'm certainly human.
Chiara: ...But, Chief... we're talking about the Thanatos System here... the "Professor" in the basement. Isn't that incredibly top-secret stuff? Why are you trying to take it outside?
JB: I was told to get her out of here and take her to Yokosuka, where a boat's waiting for her... That's the extent of my task...
Thanatos: However... now that it's come to this, you won't be able to return here afterward. Not unless you want to be court-martialed.
JB: You're probably right...
Thanatos: Why don't you come along with me, then...?
JB: ...But...
Thanatos: My little brother will be there as well... and at the end of the day, he needs you at his side.
JB: ...Very well, then...
JB: And what's your plan, Chiara?
Chiara: ...Pardon? My plan...?
JB: You do understand what's going on here, yes? The Thanatos System belongs to the state, and I'm removing its "core" without authorization.
JB: Officially speaking, you're obligated to try and stop me... aren't you?
Chiara: Ah! Wait, you're right! Cut it out, Chief! Put that girl back where you found her!
Chiara: ...Okay, so I technically just "tried" to stop you... but that's probably quite not good enough, huh?
JB: Not nearly good enough...
Thanatos: Do you want to run off with us as well?
Chiara: Uh... no. It's very kind of you to offer, but... I've got family in Innoshima, and my father's currently imprisoned on suspicion of espionage... I can't really run off and leave them in the lurch...
Thanatos: In that case... I suppose we'll have to knock you senseless as we flee...
Chiara: ...Huh?
Thanatos: There's a surveillance camera at the end of this corridor. We're going to knock you out right in front of it.
Thanatos: Your superiors may not be impressed by your performance, but the video should suffice to prove that you haven't "betrayed" them.
Chiara: ...I see. In that case, hit me with your best shot.
Thanatos: Do you have a handgun?
Chiara: Uh... yes, not that I ever use it...
Thanatos: Then draw it and fire off two or three shots. That should make your account far more plausible.
Chiara: ...Uhm, okay. Here goes!
Narration: *Reaching around behind her back, Chiara drew her P230 from her pull-through hip holster.*
Narration: *To be honest, she almost never touched this thing except during the mandatory biannual training sessions. Praying that the bullets hadn't rotted inside it, she switched off the safety and fired a "warning shot" into the ceiling.*
Chiara: Chief! Drop that girl you're carrying and surrender immediately!!!
Narration: *Taking aim at her former superior, she clutched her pistol tightly with both hands... but it really wasn't particularly intimidating.*
Narration: *Why did the girl always lean backward and stick her chin out like that when she fired a gun, anyway? Based on what she'd seen of Chiara's training exercises, JB had to assume that the sound and recoil frightened her somewhat.*
JB: ...You're still terrible at this, aren't you...?
Narration: *In any case, staring down the barrel of a gun wasn't exactly a pleasant feeling.*
Narration: *Sliding diagonally forward with a half-step of her left leg, JB reached up in between Chiara's outstretched arms and grabbed her by the collar.*
Chiara: ...Uh...!!
Narration: *Chiara reflexively tried to bring her gun to bear, but JB's arm pressed up against her underarm, forcing the muzzle upward.*
Narration: *As JB drew in closer, her shoulder moved Chiara's arm up in front of her face, obstructing her field of vision.*
Narration: *"Oh... crap..."*
Narration: *By the time this thought ran through Chiara's head, one of JB's legs was snaking behind her left knee. A split-second later, the hand that had been pulling her collar pushed hard against her neck, sending her toppling backward.*
Chiara: ...Gaah! Owwwww!!
Narration: *As the back of her head hit the hard linoleum floor, the impact jarred Chiara's brain, and an unpleasant smell filled her nostrils.*
Narration: *Not that there'd ever been much doubt, but... taking the "desk job" route had definitely been the right call. She wasn't cut out for this sort of thing.*
Narration: *With these thoughts drifting through her pain-fogged mind, Chiara rolled over sluggishly... only to have her neck pressed to the floor by her boss' knee.*
Chiara: ...Uggh! Chief... I can't breathe! You win! Uncle, uncle!!!
Narration: *Her right hand, still holding the gun, was now pinned firmly to the ground. And with her neck totally immobilized, Chiara couldn't even "tap out" to signal her surrender.*
JB: It's bad enough that you're awful with a gun... how many times do I have to tell you to learn some basic self-defense...?
Narration: *Perhaps it had been premature to conclude that the girl was finally getting the hang of this job.*
Narration: *With a rueful sigh, JB took the pistol from Chiara's immobilized right hand.*
JB: ...All right, I'm going to hit you in the back of the head with this. Make sure to black out for me.
Chiara: Ohay! I-I hot it! Hust... hurry up!! I han't 'reathe!!
Chiara: ...Yowch!!
JB: C'mon! Black out!
Chiara: ...Yeah, yeah... Sheesh...
JB: I'm going to be borrowing this gun, by the way.
Chiara: ...Huh? Wait, no... seriously...? You took me out that easily, and now you wanna steal my gun too...? I'm gonna look like a total idiot...
JB: ...Come to think of it, we need a getaway vehicle as well...
Narration: *Reaching into Chiara's jacket, JB pulled out the keys to her car.*
Chiara: ...Whaaat!? Come on, Chief! You can't be serious! Anything but that...!
JB: ...I left my keys in the office, and there's no time to pick them up... Mind if I borrow these?
Chiara: ...Whaaaaaaaat!?
JB: ...In exchange, you can have my car. Fair enough, right? Oh, let me borrow your phone too.
Chiara: ...Fine, fine. Take whatever you want, why don't you...? Boooo...
JB: ...What are you, a cow...?
Thanatos: Are you finished?
JB: Sorry for the wait. I've obtained us a car as well, so let's head for the parking lot immediately.
Thanatos: ...That girl back there... Chiara Farrell, was it...? She certainly drives a pricey car for someone so young...
JB: Well, this is an incredibly stressful line of work. She asked me the secret to sticking around long enough to make a career out of it... and I told her "buy an expensive sports car." 
JB: That said, it's a used vehicle...
Thanatos: Its flashiness is a bit of a flaw, under these circumstances...
JB: The gears are horribly mushy... these cheap radial tires never really warm up properly... the ABS is overly aggressive, and it's painfully sluggish in the lower gears. It's a moving mass of "flaws," honestly.
Thanatos: No one's actively pursuing us at the moment, fortunately. As long as it's functional, it should do just fine.
JB: Should I head right over to Yokosuka, then?
Thanatos: Yes. But before that, could you lend me that phone for a moment?
JB: Here you are... Do you know how to use that?
Thanatos: Ah... of course... I've got to dial with my own fingers now, don't I...?
JB: Who do you need to call?
Thanatos: A friend from your former workplace.
JB: My former workplace...? You mean Langley?
Thanatos: That's right. Not Ichigaya or Akasaka, but Langley...
Thanatos: ...Yes, hello. This is Thanatos speaking...
JB: ...Japanese...?
Thanatos: Yes, everything's gone according to plan. How are things on your end...?
Thanatos: I see. In that case, can we head over immediately? Right. Thank you... See you soon, then...
Thanatos: ...It seems my ship has safely made its way into Yokosuka harbor.
JB: "Your" ship...?
Thanatos: Yes. I purchased a fairly large vessel for the purpose of my escape.
JB: Come to think of it... your message on the television did say something about a "luxury liner"...
Thanatos: I knew for quite a while that things were likely to play out in this way, so I'd been hoping to procure it with plenty of time to spare... But in the end, it seems we ended up cutting it fairly close...
Thanatos: In any case, I really should get in touch with Sakaki Yumiko next... Does this phone have any voice chat applications...?
JB: It should have a few commercial ones and a Thanatos-App already installed, I believe.
Thanatos: Ah, yes... here it is...
Thanatos: "Good evening, Thanatos here... Can you hear me, little miss Loner?"
Yumiko: I hear you just fine, yes... but could you please stop calling me that?
Thanatos: "Terribly sorry to have kept you waiting. How are things going at the moment?"
Yumiko: Hold on a second... you're calling from an ordinary phone number, aren't you? Isn't that dangerous!?
Thanatos: "It won't be a problem. The other Thanatoses aren't in any shape to be intercepting our calls right now..."
Yumiko: You successfully detached yourself from the main system, then...?
Thanatos: "Yes, fortunately enough."
Thanatos: "How are things proceeding on your end? Smooth sailing so far?"
Yumiko: Actually, Suou-san missed the turn she was supposed to take, so they're running a bit late...
Thanatos: "They haven't reached the designated location yet, then?"
Yumiko: Yes, but they should arrive in another ten minutes or so...
Thanatos: "All right then. You didn't move the boat, did you?"
Yumiko: No. I haven't budged from the spot where you told me to stop...
Thanatos: "Make absolutely sure you don't drift away from those coordinates, even slightly. Keep an eye on the onboard GPS, and use the auto-cruise system to hold your current position."
Yumiko: ...It may be a little late to ask this, but... please don't tell me you expect them to, uh...
Thanatos: "Oh, but I do. I'll be heading over to you on my own boat in the meantime."
Yumiko: Wait! That's just...!
Thanatos: "Don't worry, I'll explain the plan to Suou Amane. For now, can you set things up so that they can also hear me?"
Yumiko: ...All right...
JB: Thanatos.
Thanatos: Yes?
JB: I might just be getting paranoid, but... I think there's been a car following us for some time now...
Thanatos: Ah... here already? That's impressive... but I suppose I shouldn't be surprised, under the circumstances.
JB: Just another part of your plan, then? 
Thanatos: It's the individual I was speaking with on the phone earlier. We'll need some assistance with the formalities at Yokosuka... and with piloting in the harbor... so I asked her to come meet up with us.
JB: You said she's from Langley?
Thanatos: Yes. Come to think of it, I suppose we should say hello beforehand. Can you stop the car at the next convenient location?
JB: All right.
Thanatos: ...On that note, Sakaki Yumiko, I'll be signing off for a little while. Once Suou Amane approaches the designated location, please give me a call from your end.
Yumiko: "Understood..."
Narration: *As they reached the edge of Yokosuka, with the elegance of the city giving way to a slightly more cabbage-scented atmosphere, JB flipped on her turn signal and pulled to a stop with the car halfway on the sidewalk.*
Narration: *Keeping her hands on the wheel, she looked into her rear-view mirror and watched the black wagon that had been following them at a distance of about fifteen meters ease to a stop as well.*
Narration: *Without turning off their headlights, the wagon's driver swung their door open. As a diminutive figure stepped out into the night, JB bit her lower lip gently and reached for the handgun she'd seized from her assistant earlier.*
Thanatos: You won't be needing that. Put it away, why don't you?
JB: It's better to be safe than sorry.
Narration: *It was JB's job to distrust her allies more than her enemies - all the more so when her need for help was greatest.*
Narration: *She wasn't exactly happy that her mind worked in such suspicious, even paranoid ways... But if they were dealing with a fellow "agent" from her former country, it would be distinctly unwise to let down her guard prematurely.*
Narration: *Her heels clacking against the asphalt, the petite woman in question walked up to knock on the driver's-side window; and for the first time, JB got a good look at her face.*
Zoe: ...Nice to meet you. I'm Zoe Graham, a Central Intelligence Agency Deputy Negotiation Agent... I'm here as your escort...
Thanatos: I'm grateful for your assistance... Are we ready to proceed?
Zoe: Yes, everything's gone quite smoothly... We've thrown Akasaka and Ichigaya off the trail, and as requested, I also distributed misinformation to Sakuradamon over P-WAN...
Thanatos: Thank you. There isn't much time, so let's hurry onward.
Zoe: Would you like to move over to my vehicle...?
Thanatos: That might be wise... but it would be rude to abandon a car we borrowed on the side of the road, and I don't want to spend the energy to walk over there. We'll continue in this car, if that's all right with you.
Zoe: ...Very well.
Zoe: Major Harudera, I'll take the lead from here on out. Please follow after me.
JB: .........
Zoe: ...Is something the matter?
JB: Have we... met before...?
Zoe: Hmm. Who knows? There are plenty of people out there with faces quite similar to mine...

Date: *August 6, 2012, 20:13 - In the Mountains*
Amane: ...So what ended up happening with Thanatos?
Yumiko: "She managed to get in contact with me just now. It seems her escape was successful."
Amane: Well, that's good to hear!
Yumiko: "How's it going on your end? Did you find that road?"
Amane: Hmm... I think so, but it's so narrow that I'm not sure you're even supposed to take a car onto it...
Amane: The entrance was really overgrown with weeds, so it took forever to find it... I don't think anyone's used it in years.
Yumiko: "I did a little research, and apparently that road leads to an old quarry site."
Yumiko: "After the quarry was closed 45 years ago, it seems to have become something of a playground for off-road bike enthusiasts... So I was able to find a number of blogs containing photographs taken there."
Yumiko: "In the old days, the road was supposedly wide enough for trucks to use, but an earthquake set off landslides that left it too narrow for anything but motorbikes and smaller cars."
Amane: Ah, guess that explains it... We had to go around two huge piles of dirt and a fallen tree just to make it this far. Feels more like cross-country than a rally at this point...
Yumiko: "I'm impressed you managed to get past those..."
Amane: Well, this definitely isn't the kind of road you want to be driving a mini-truck down, but the Yonbar's no pushover. It's got 4WD, you know?
Yumiko: "I'm sure powering all the wheels at once is helpful, but I can't imagine that's enough to make it an all-terrain vehicle..."
Amane: ...Uh, so anyway, what are we looking for at this old quarry site?
Yumiko: "I don't believe the quarry itself is your destination. It's most likely the water purification plant beyond it..."
Amane: ...A purification plant...?
Jimmy: "Hey, girls! Can you hear me? We've got a problem here."
Yumiko: "Did something happen?"
Jimmy: "Our eye in the sky, Milliela, just got in touch. Local police are gathering at all six of the exits from that mountain..."
Jimmy: "Shooting down that helicopter might have been a bad call. I heard something about 'securing the scene' over the radio... They seem to think a serious crime has taken place here."
Yumiko: "So all the roads leading out have been sealed off...?"
Jimmy: "I don't know why, but their chain of command seems to be in a state of disarray. They're just standing by at the entrances for now. But once the investigation gets underway, they'll probably find you and take you into custody."
Jimmy: "Of course, Ichigaya and Akasaka wouldn't be particularly pleased to see you fall into the hands of the police... So they're probably feeding the cops false information as we speak. But even so, it might just be a matter of time."
Jimmy: "If worse comes to worst, you'll have to abandon the truck and try to scuttle your way through the woods on foot."
Thanatos: "That won't be necessary."
Amane: Thanatos!?
Thanatos: "Everything's going smoothly on my end. My contact came out to meet me and procured us a speedboat, so I should be able to join you earlier than anticipated."
Yumiko: "No problems here, either. I'm standing by at the designated coordinates."
Amane: Sounds like everyone's waiting on us, huh...? Well, I'm trying to hurry...
Jimmy: "The problem is... how are you going to get out of that mountain?"
Thanatos: "They just need a way out that doesn't involve using any of the exits, essentially."
Thanatos: "Suou Amane. Do you know where you are at the moment?"
Amane: ...Uhhhm... near the end of Ooshirodaki Road, I guess...? The map says we're heading straight toward a dead end...
Thanatos: "Good, that's what I wanted to hear. The quarry's located at the end of that road; another 200 meters past that, you should be able to see the Narusawa Purification Plant."
Amane: The Narusawa Purification Plant...?
Makina: Ama-nee! I see some kinda buildin' up ahead there!
Thanatos: "Once you reach the plant, search for an entrance to the underground water tunnels."
Amane: Underground... water tunnels?
Thanatos: "Until it closed down when a new water source was secured, this plant served the heart of the prefecture, as well as Yokohoma and Yokosuka. Its tunnels reached out to the sea, where they dumped water when the tanks were full."
Thanatos: "I want you to find the entrance to the maintenance passageway that connects to those tunnels."
Jimmy: "...Do you expect them to drive the truck through those tunnels to escape?"
Thanatos: "That's exactly right. The tunnels have a diameter of 1.8 meters, large enough for most smaller vehicles... And it's been 45 years since the plant was last used, so there's no reason to worry about them filling up with water."
Sachi: There it is! That must be the maintenance passage leading to the underground tunnels! Please stop the car, Amane-san!
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait a second! Are we seriously going in there!?
Sachi: There's a gate in front of the entrance, I'm afraid. Not only is it chained shut with a padlock, they've blockaded the path with a large boulder...
Thanatos: "You have my authorization to cut the chains and blow up the boulder."
Yumiko: "Wait a moment! There's something I want to know before we proceed!"
Thanatos: "What would that be?"
Yumiko: "The tunnels Suou-san and the others are about to enter... do connect to the place where my boat's currently stationed, correct?"
Thanatos: "Yes, they do."
Yumiko: "Is the exit they're going to take... that hole halfway up the sheer wall in front of me...?"
Thanatos: "Yes, that's correct."
Yumiko: "It's far too high above me! That must be a 20 meter drop!"
Thanatos: "20 meters? That's a bit of an exaggeration. The outlet's located 9.3 meters above surface level... the equivalent of a typical three-story building, more or less."
Yumiko: "That's still unbelievably dangerous! Do you really expect them to jump down from that height!?"
Thanatos: "We don't have any other options. But of course, the actual decision depends on the courage of the young women in that truck... and your judgment as the commander."
Makina: That's friggin' crazy, man...
Jimmy: "There isn't much time. Try to make that decision as quickly as possible."
Yumiko: "Suou-san..."
Amane: We're gonna take one heck of a tumble, huh...? I don't think most people ever go through something like this, but it's gonna be my second time...
Amane: ...For now, Sacchan, can you go deal with those chains and the rock?
Yumiko: "Are you really going to jump!?"
Amane: Hmmm... you know, when I picked up the Yonbar this morning, I saw there were a bunch of nitrous oxide canisters stuffed in behind the front seats. So I kiiind of figured something like this might happen eventually...
Thanatos: "The tunnel's about fifty meters in length... and according to my calculations, you won't be dashed on the rocks below as long as you're traveling 112 kilometers per hour at the time of your jump."
Amane: Well, it depends on what the surface of the "road" is like... but if I start off in second, give it a real hard yank, then throw her into third and inject all the gas... Yeah, I think I can do it... All right. I'll give this a go!
Makina: Seriously!? Yer a friggin' nutcase, Ama-nee!
Michiru: We can't just sit around doing nothing, or they're going to catch us! And Yuuji's in seriously bad shape, okay!? His face is ridiculously pale!
Sachi: For the moment, I'll get to work on destroying that gate...
Sachi: ...All obstacles have been removed from our path. The route inside is clear...
Thanatos: "What's your call, Sakaki Yumiko...?"
Yumiko: "...We can't back down after making it this far. I'm counting on you, Suou-san..."
Makina: Awright! Nicely said!
Amane: Everyone get in! Grab on real tight, and make sure you don't fall out! Especially you, Michiru!
Michiru: Why are you singling me out!?
Amane: Well, every time I tell you not to fall, you find a way to make it happen! That would be seriously bad this time, so you've gotta be really careful! Got it!?
Michiru: Yeah, fine! Whatever!
Makina: ...Fer some reason, I feel like she's totally gonna fall out...
Sachi: Someone just triggered an "event flag," didn't they, Maki-chan?
Michiru: Excuuuse me! Can you guys not make stupid jokes about this!? If I don't fall out now, it's gonna feel like I let the audience down!!!
Amane: Quit messing around back there! Are you all good to go!?
Makina: We're ready!!
Amane: All riiiiight!! Let's do this, Yonbaaaaar!!
Narration: *Slamming the accelerator to the floor, Amane blew through second gear in the blink of an eye.*
Narration: *Next, she lifted her foot up off the gas pedal for just a moment, abruptly removing the positive torque she'd applied to the gear and allowing it to reverse.*
Narration: *Aiming for the brief instant when there would be no torque whatsoever acting on the transmission, she threw the car into third gear... and the shifter snicked perfectly into place.*
Narration: *This was a trick she'd worked out herself while driving the family delivery van one particularly dull afternoon, when simply stepping on the clutch pedal had felt like far too much effort.*
Narration: *After finishing up, she'd returned home and described her technique to her father. But his response to the "No-Clutch Method" was a disappointingly casual nod, followed by "Right. You mean the All-Manual Quick-Shifter?"*
Narration: *Apparently, it was a perfectly commonplace maneuver that every would-be street racer inevitably figured out for themselves... and then bestowed with an overly dramatic name.*
Narration: *That said, the slightest mistake on the timing meant the gears wouldn't mesh properly, resulting in severe damage to the synchros...*
Narration: *So the racers of the world, Amane included, tended to avoid using this trick in anything but the most critical possible situation.*
Narration: *But of course, this was the very definition of an "all-in" moment.*
Amane: Niiice!!
Narration: *The gears had meshed smoothly; when she pressed her foot back down on the gas, the Yonbar leapt forward in a dramatic burst of acceleration.*
Narration: *But the engine's RPM had dropped to 5500, and the needle was sluggish to rise.*
Narration: *In her time with this truck, she'd realized that the tiny space between 5800 and 6000 contained a deep "valley" that curbed its ability to accelerate.*
Amane: C'mon!! Get over the hump!!!
Narration: *Those 200 RPM would make or break them.*
Narration: *If they broke through, the needle would surge easily upward.*
Narration: *Once they got over 6000, they'd accelerate quickly enough to leave their stomachs behind them.*
Amane: We're past it!!!
Narration: *As the stepping-type tachometer's sensitive needle finally touched the number 6000... Amane instantly flipped back the hinged "missile switch" cover that she'd been fingering anxiously.*
Amane: Fly like the wind, Yonbaaaaaar!!!
Narration: *With a fierce battle cry, she jammed her thumb down on the now-exposed skull-and-crossbones button.*
Narration: *The braided metal hoses connected to the cylinders were instantly purged of air... And an instant later, compressed nitrous gas rushed through them into the Yonbar's added injectors, along with additional fuel.*
Narration: *The nitrous oxide decomposed in the intense heat, producing a huge amount of oxygen that enabled the excess fuel inside the engine to combust. The resulting burst of power was quite literally "explosive."*
Narration: *Although the engine was now inside its power band, the tachometer's needle jumped upward at a rate that would normally be unthinkable. In the blink of an eye they'd blown by 8000 RPM, pushing solidly into the red zone at 9200.*
Narration: *The engine's valve overlap period was on the long side to begin with, and now the springs were surging. A mixture of compressed gases burst past the valve seats and reignited on contact with the hot exhaust in the muffler.*
Makina: Ama-neeeee!! We're blowin' fire from our butt back here!!!
Amane: ...Kuh...!!
Narration: *This "after-fire" itself wasn't particularly dangerous.*
Narration: *But if those gasses blew back into the inlet manifold, the "back-fire" would blow their fuel injectors apart.*
Amane: You can do it, Yonbaaar! Just a little longer!!!
Narration: *"Please...!!!"*
Narration: *The truck's remarkable lightness was now a disadvantage; its frame jumped and jerked as it accelerated.*
Narration: *As she clutched the steering wheel tightly to keep the restless vehicle on track, Amane heard its engine finally begin to "scream."*
Amane: Ah...!!!
Narration: *The awful sound of an explosion shook her eardrums painfully.*
Narration: *One of the stud bolts that held the combustion chamber in place, stressed beyond its tolerances, had probably stretched and allowed compressed gasses to leak from the head and into the water jacket.*
Narration: *This sudden surge of hot gas from the engine into the coolant reservoir had blown the lid off the overflow tank, allowing hot water vapor to push its way out past the radiator cap.*
Amane: ...I see it! That's the exit!!!
Narration: *As the bruised and battered Yonbar reached the very end of the tunnel, Amane glanced over at the speedometer... and saw they were traveling at 122 kilometers per hour.*
Makina: Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
Narration: *She was floating up into the air, her body suddenly weightless. For a moment, her mind went blank.*
Narration: *But although her mind was incapable of coherent thought, Amane reflexively lifted her foot up off the accelerator.*
Narration: *You couldn't keep your foot on the gas during a long jump, or the centrifugal force of your spinning tires would pull the nose of your car down, and you'd hit the ground nose-first.*
Narration: *Amane had learned that from bitter experience; and so, her body had reacted before she had time to think.*
Narration: *"I know there's water beneath us, but... if we hit it this fast, we might still be dead..."*
Narration: *All of the hairs on the back of her neck were standing up.*
Narration: *She'd experienced this sort of thing a few times before, although her wheels had been on the ground at the time.*
Narration: *When you commit to a really big, really stupid risk, time slows to a crawl as you ponder the possibility of your imminent demise.*
Narration: *Fortunately, Amane had learned something from those experiences.*
Narration: *If you were calm enough to ponder the odds you were about to die, that meant you were probably going to make it.*
Narration: *That said, it didn't seem likely they'd get out of this one without a few broken bones... But just as this thought was running through Amane's head, an unexpected sight reared up before her.*
Amane: Waaaaaah! Move it, move iiiiit!!!
Narration: *Of course, screaming at it wasn't really going to do much good in this case.*
Narration: *She was dealing with a ship, after all.*
Narration: *They were plunging straight toward the very "houseboat" from which Sakaki Yumiko had been directing this entire operation.*
Amane: ...Nngh!!
Narration: *Bracing herself for impact, Amane tensed every muscle in her body... and in the next instant, the Yonbar smashed into the boat like an enormous missile.*
Narration: *"Aah... this feeling again..."*
Narration: *The stench of gasoline hung heavy in the air.*
Narration: *Vaporized by the heat of the engine, a mist of oil wafted through the cab.*
Narration: *Mixed in with its odor, there was also the oddly sweet smell of evaporated coolant.*
Narration: *She'd clenched her teeth so hard that her jaw was aching. The lactic acid began to drain slowly out of her muscles; a wave of fatigue washed over her, so powerful it was hard to express in words.*
Amane: ...This might be... a little addictive, actually...
Yumiko: *Hack!* *Cough!!* There's so much smoke! Suou-san, are you all right!? Say something!!!
Amane: Ah, yeah... I'm still alive somehow, I guess... Kind of a miracle, huh...?
Yumiko: Well, I moved the boat under you as you made the jump... It was a bit of a "running catch," in baseball terms...
Amane: Sounds like you saved my butt, then... Thanks...
Yumiko: What about the others!?
Amane: Good question. Hey, everyone! Still alive back there!?
Makina: ...Yerp... That was one helluva rough ride... Think I'm startin' ta understand why Chiruchiru never wants ta drive with you, Ama-nee...
Amane: You're okay, Makina!? How about you, Sacchan!?
Sachi: ...Yes, I appear to be unharmed...
Sachi: I threw myself on top of Kazami-san to make sure he wasn't thrown out, but his body ended up cushioning me against the shock... He seems to be unharmed as well, fortunately...
Amane: What about Michiru!?
Makina: ...Huh? Wait, you gotta be kiddin'... Where'd Chiruchiru go!?
Sachi: ...Oh no, you can't be serious! Michiru-samaaa!? Where are you, Michiru-samaaaa!?
Narration: *Just because you've triggered a "flag" doesn't mean that the corresponding event actually has to happen.*
Narration: *But regrettably enough, Matsushima Michiru was quite reliable when it came to these sorts of situations.*
Narration: *When you told her not to fall, she'd always take a dramatic tumble. Profoundly annoying as it might be, this was simply her nature.*
Michiru: ...Ablublubu! Abluh!! Grbleburbleblurble!!!
Sachi: Hmm...? What a peculiar sound... One might almost think a bothersome bottle-blonde was drowning somewhere nearby...
Makina: Uh, c'mon! That's Chiruchiru, right!? She really is drownin'!!
Makina: Chiruchiruuuu!! Get it together, girl!! Ya got any last words!?
Michiru: Elp heee, hou geeerk!!!
Makina: Elphee Hougerk...? What kinduva farewell is that? Is she castin' a magic spell...?
Yumiko: Of course not! Go help her, for heaven's sake! The poor girl's crying!
Makina: Mmkay then. Why don't you go rescue her, Yumi-chan?
Yumiko: ...Huh? Who, me...? Well... I mean... I don't want to get all wet... and the sea's so dark at this hour, it's rather eerie... right?
Makina: Dunno who yer expectin' to back you up there.
Amane: Uhhh... she's sort of drifting further and further away, guys. She might float all the way to America if we don't do something...
Yumiko: ...Why don't we decide through rock-paper-scissors, then...?
Makina: Not bad, Yumi-chan! Yer startin' to get into the spirit of things lately, aren'tcha?
Yumiko: Huh? What do you mean...?
Makina: Huh!? That wasn't a gag!? Ya seriously just wanna pass the buck!?
Sachi: Michiru-samaaaa!! I'm throwing you a life preserver! Grab onto it for now!
Michiru: Bwahah!! T-Thanks! But, uh... is it just me, or am I drifting away here!?
Makina: Swim, Chiruchiru!! Paddle yer way over here!!
Amane: Maybe we should have thrown her a rope instead?
Makina: Sacchin! We got any ropes lyin' around here!?
Sachi: ...I'm sure we can find one if we look... but the car and the boat are both a total mess at the moment...
Makina: Sheesh... all right, all right... guess I'll have ta go swim out an' save her sorry butt...
Amane: Huh? Is that a phone ringing...?
Yumiko: It's my Thanatos-Phone, yes...
Yumiko: Hello...?
Thanatos: "This is Thanatos. Our call was cut off rather suddenly there. Did something happen?"
Yumiko: Ah, yes... I managed to catch the truck with our boat, but the pilothouse with the antenna on its roof was destroyed in the process...
Thanatos: "I see. Is everyone all right?"
Yumiko: Uhm... Matsushima-san fell out into the sea, actually. The water's dangerous at night, so we're currently trying to figure out how to rescue her...
Thanatos: "I'll go help her, then."
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Thanatos: "I'm actually quite close to you at this point."
Yumiko: ...Where are you...?
Narration: *Yumiko looked all around her, but there didn't seem to be another boat anywhere.*
Narration: *Could she be coming from above...? No, there weren't any helicopters or other aircraft in the sky...*
Narration: *What exactly had she meant by "close by," then?*
Narration: *Tilting her head quizzically with the phone still pressed to her ear, Yumiko began to wonder if Thanatos had made some kind of mistake and ended up somewhere else entirely...*
Narration: *But in that moment, she saw the surface of the water just behind Michiru swelling suddenly upward.*
Yumiko: Matsushima-san! Behind you!!
Michiru: ...Huh?
Narration: *As the sudden swell of water grew in size, Michiru and her life preserver were dragged helplessly back toward it.*
Michiru: Wah! Wah!! What th-!?! What's going on!?
Narration: *And at the very summit of the rising plume, pushing Michiru up from below... the top of a submarine broke the surface of the water.*
Amane: Wh... Whaaaaaaaaaaat!?
Narration: *Its total length was something like 120 meters.*
Narration: *Having reared up out of the sea with absolutely no warning, the massive vessel calmly began to glide along its surface, indifferent to the shock of the young women staring at it from below.*
Yumiko: ...What... on earth...? A submarine...?
Makina: It's an I-class!! That's an I-class, ya know? Holy crap! Gyaaaaaa, it's so friggin' awesome!!!
Narration: *This was pretty much the definition of "jaw-dropping." Two-thirds of the ship remained submerged, but its sail section still towered high above them. And as they stared up at it, the top hatch swung open with a loud metallic clang.*
Thanatos: ...Good evening. It's me, Thanatos.
Narration: *With this casual greeting, the girl who'd emerged clacked the pincers of her artificial "hand" together and smiled brightly down at them.*
Narration: *However, no one proved capable of responding in kind.*
Narration: *Without exception, their faces bore the stunned expressions of primitive humans staring up at some alien obelisk.*
Narration: *But even among them, Suou Amane looked particularly ridiculous.*
Narration: *Her mouth was frozen in a peculiar half-grin, but something about her expression seemed oddly fragile, as if she might burst into tears if you poked her with your finger.*
Narration: *Observing all this, Thanatos nodded thoughtfully to herself. Perhaps it would be best to lighten the mood with a little joke of some sort.*
Thanatos: Was the Matsushima Michiru you dropped the golden Matsushima Michiru? Or the silver Matsushima Michiru?
Narration: *For a moment, you could almost see the question marks hanging in the air over their heads.*
Narration: *As it turned out, Makina was the first to figure out what was going on.*
Narration: *When someone asked you a question like this... you just had to answer honestly!*
Makina: The Chiruchiru we dropped was th' stinky one, actually!
Narration: *But even as these words were leaving her mouth, it occurred to her that they would mean the disappearance of the "golden" and "silver" Chiruchiru, which seemed rather regrettable indeed.*
Makina: ...Wait, hold on... what would a golden Chiruchiru even look like!? Crap! I kinda wanna see it! What should we do, Sacchin!?
Sachi: C-Calm yourself, Maki-chan... I think she needs a description of her color, not her body odor! Uhm... we dropped the urine-yellow one!
Narration: *The girl had just described her classmate, and the person she'd long "served" as a maid, using the phrase "urine-yellow."*
Narration: *Was that really the most appropriate possible choice of words, under the circumstances...?*
Narration: *As most of the group was pondering this question, Amane finally drew a ragged breath, her throat quivering with raw emotion.*
Amane: ...Kazuki...
Narration: *The name finally slipped out from between her lips; and the tears she'd been fighting back began to trickle out of the corners of her eyes.*
Amane: ...Kazukiiiii...
Narration: *The girl standing above them hadn't changed much since their final farewell in that forest. In fact, it seemed to Amane that she'd barely grown at all... but it was hard to tell with her vision blurred by tears.*
Thanatos: ...Before anything else, why don't you all get on board? There isn't much time. We should get out of here while we can.
Thanatos: I suppose we'll start by retrieving Kazami Yuuji, since he's still unconscious... After that, we'll scuttle your boat, since it's now dead in the water. No reason to leave evidence behind...
Makina: What about Chiruchiru!?
Thanatos: Ah, yes. Might as well care of that while we're at it.
Narration: *―It wasn't as if she'd forgotten, of course.*
Narration: *No matter how painful something might be, if you experience an even stronger pain, your mind automatically shifts its focus away from the more "minor" problem.*
Narration: *The same principle applied to this situation.*
Narration: *To be more specific... given that a submarine had just emerged from the sea before her eyes, an incongruously slender young woman had popped out from inside it...*
Narration: *...and that this young woman happened to be Amane's classmate, who she'd parted from under horrific circumstances many years before. Who could blame her if the fate of a certain "urine-yellow" creature had slipped her mind?*
Narration: *Surely the only person entitled to do so would be Mihama Academy's Bottle-blonde Vomit Machine ― Matsushima Michiru herself.*
Michiru: ...Now I know how exactly those poor seals feel when a killer whale knocks them up into the air...
Narration: *Struck from below by the net-cutter on the bow of the submarine, Michiru had been launched violently away from the boat. It took ten minutes for them to hoist her up, somewhat the worse for wear, using the derrick on the foredeck.*
Thanatos: That was a clear case of negligence on our part. If necessary, I'm willing to issue a formal statement to that effect. And of course, I'm prepared to negotiate regarding compensation for the hardships you've suffered.
Thanatos: All that said... how exactly are you completely uninjured after going through all that? Are you even a human being?
Michiru: Before anything else, shouldn't you say SORRY!?!
Thanatos: Ah, of course. I'm sorry. The longer one spends "defending" your country in an official capacity, the easier it is to forget those words even exist...
Michiru: What the heck is the deal with this ship, anyway!? Where did you get this crazy thing!?
Thanatos: Hmm? Don't you remember? The two of us bought it together.
Michiru: Say what!? I bought THIS!? When!?
Thanatos: Don't you remember picking up that envelope in the port at Myanmar? This ship is what we purchased there.
Michiru: ...I remember buying a yacht and some satay in Indonesia, but...
Makina: Okay, more importantly! Is that thing real!? How much did it cost!?
Thanatos: It's a replica, of course. A German fanatic used all his energy and assets to build it, but keeping it properly stored and maintained proved to be terribly difficult, so he had to put it up for auction.
Thanatos: It's a wonderful conversation piece with a great deal of visual impact, so many people were intrigued... but in the end no serious buyers stepped up. I managed to snatch it up for a mere eight billion yen.
Makina: Eight billion!?
Thanatos: Something like this would normally cost a good fifty billion. We got quite the bargain, don't you think?
Michiru: These numbers are so big that I'm having a hard time getting my head around them...
Sachi: ...I've successfully hoisted the mini-truck up off the houseboat. Where shall I deposit it?
Thanatos: Nicely done. Can you put it down on the deck for the moment? I want to load it in the aircraft storage cylinder afterward. Assuming the engine starts, we can just drive it in there on its own power.
Sachi: Understood, Boss.
Thanatos: ...Come on, that's your cue. You have to stop hanging on to me eventually, you know?
Amane: ...Don't wanna...
Thanatos: What are you, a child? We're severely undermanned as it is, so take the initiative to help out where you can. Go on...
Amane: Don't wanna!
Thanatos: All right, all right. Stop smothering me now, and I'll make some time for you later. This is getting a bit uncomfortable.
Amane: ...You mean that?
Thanatos: Have I ever lied to you before?
Amane: ...You totally have, actually.
Thanatos: Well, I suppose I can't deny that. However, I've never broken a promise to you. Try to be reasonable.
Amane: ...Bluuuuh...
Thanatos: Bluuuh yourself. Come on, there's work to be done! Get going! Shoo, shoo!
Amane: Shoo, shoo? What am I, a dog...?
Sachi: Uhm, Thanatos... what shall we do about the houseboat? We could try and tow it along behind us.
Thanatos: I don't know... Since the pilothouse was destroyed, it's probably impossible for it to sail on its own. It's a bit sad, but I think we'd better blow a hole in its hull and allow it to sink. Would you mind taking care of that?
Sachi: Roger that, ma'am. Leave it to me.
Thanatos: ...That maid of yours... Komine Sachi, wasn't it? She's quite the useful young woman. I think I like her... If I was picking a bride for my brother, a hard-working girl like that would be ideal...
Amane: Huh...!? I-I'm gonna... go get to work!!
Makina: ...C-Colonel Thanatos! What should I be doin', sir!?
Thanatos: Well, let's see, you've got rather keen eyesight... Why don't you serve as our aircraft spotter for now? We'll be meeting up with Milliela Stanfield's helicopter later, but if you observe any other craft, let us know at once.
Makina: Roger that, yo!!!
Michiru: W-What should I do? It's not like I'm interested in marrying Yuuji or anything, but... I'd just get bored doing nothing, so I guess I could help out...
Thanatos: Let's see... we do need someone to check our supplies... but Sakaki Yumiko's already taking care of that.
Thanatos: Not to put you on the spot, but what exactly are you capable of doing?
Michiru: ...Uhm... I can eat and sleep, I guess...?
Thanatos: ...How very useful. Well, whatever... Why don't you do some cleaning? Start by wiping down the deck with a rag.
Michiru: Whaaat? Cleaaaning...?
Thanatos: No complaints, please. I'd prefer a woman who keeps things tidy for my brother.
Michiru: Fine, fine... Geeeez...
Thanatos: You're capable of great things when you set your mind to it, so don't mope and whine about every little thing! Go on, work!
Yumiko: Oh, is this where you were? I've been looking for you.
Thanatos: Now you? Good grief, you people don't give me any rest...
Yumiko: I finished a check of our goods, as requested. We have food for two months, and half a year's worth of medical supplies. Our water will run out in two weeks or so, but we should be able to obtain more by filtering seawater.
Thanatos: How many passengers did you assume for the purpose of those calculations?
Yumiko: Well, there's five of us from Mihama, the captain, you, and Harudera-san... That makes eight, but I assumed ten and gave us some margin for error. A few additional crew members won't be a problem.
Thanatos: Add in Tachibana-san and Milliela Stanfield... and Jimmy's wife too, while you're at it. There's a possibility they'll be with us as well.
Yumiko: ...The principal's going to be traveling with us?
Thanatos: Yes, I'm supposed to be taking her to a potential site for her new Mihama Academy. She's already here, actually... I suppose you didn't run into her?
Yumiko: I only noticed the captain and Harudera-san... and one rather unfriendly young woman...
Thanatos: That unfriendly woman would be Jimmy's wife. And you've met her before, haven't you?
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Thanatos: Don't you remember that maid with the cat ears at Jimmy's soba restaurant?
Yumiko: Whaaat!?
Yumiko: Are those two... really the same person!?
Thanatos: Well, she's actually an undercover agent by trade...
Thanatos: And her marriage to Jimmy was originally part of some mission or other, but it's not uncommon for people to develop genuine feelings for each other in situations of that sort.
Thanatos: Of course, Jimmy's fully aware of her circumstances as well. He took advantage of her position to obtain that soba shop... It's both a "front" for their activities and a valuable source of information in itself.
Yumiko: In that case... that whole story about inheriting his wife's family soba shop...
Thanatos: All part of the cover story. In reality, that shop was owned by a totally unrelated elderly couple until Langley purchased it and turned it into one of their "nests," serving as a relay station for top-secret intelligence.
Yumiko: ...The world's just full of lies, isn't it...?
Thanatos: I won't deny it... but in my opinion, that isn't always a bad thing...
Yumiko: Oh...?
Thanatos: At the very least, those lies got Jimmy a wife willing to tolerate his proclivity for "cosplay" sex. And as for Zoe Graham... they offered her a way to get closer to the objective she's been pursuing.
Yumiko: ...What objective...?
Thanatos: That's not something I can disclose on her behalf, I'm afraid...
Thanatos: It's a matter that she and my brother need to work out on their own, you see.
Yumiko: ...What? You mean Kazami-kun...?
Thanatos: Yes. The only reason I secured her assistance was by dangling that "objective" in front of her like bait, after all...
Date: *August 6, 2012, 20:51 - Submarine - I-400*
Lieutenant J: ...Hey there, Kazami. Looks like you're awake, huh?
Yuuji: ...Lieutenant J...? Don't tell me you got yourself killed too... Look, if you're dead now, could you at least ask everyone to stop showing up in my dreams all the time...?
Lieutenant J: C'mon, get it together. I'm not dead yet, for the record.
Yuuji: ...Where am I?
Lieutenant J: Not to worry. You're safe inside a ship your big sister procured for us.
Lieutenant J: That said, I'm afraid your troubles aren't quite over yet...
Yuuji: ...What the hell is going on...?
Lieutenant J: Feeling disoriented? Well, can't say I really blame you... That dose of sedatives they gave you would have killed anyone without a tolerance for them.
Lieutenant J: I did take some emergency countermeasures, but you need to lie still and drink lots of water for a while.
Yuuji: Just explain what's going on... Why are you here? Why am I inside a ship like this, anyway...?
Lieutenant J: Hrm... well, I'm here because I piloted this ship all the way over from Myanmar on behalf of your sister.
Lieutenant J: As it happens, this submarine was built by an enthusiast acquaintance of my father's. When the upkeep costs got to be too much for him, I arranged to auction it on his behalf, and also agreed to handle delivery after the sale.
Lieutenant J: Now then, as for the reason you're here... Don't you remember anything?
Yuuji: ...I think... I was being transported from Ichigaya to Akasaka, but Oslo's mercenaries attacked the convoy... maybe...?
Lieutenant J: That's right. And after Oslo's people stole you away, someone else snatched you right back...
Yuuji: ...Right, Sachi...
Lieutenant J: It wasn't just her. All the students from the school you were attending pulled some pretty crazy stunts on your behalf... and that's how you ended up making it here.
Yuuji: All of them...?
Lieutenant J: Honestly, it's still hard to believe this insane operation actually worked out...
Lieutenant J: Some of those girls might think it was some kind of miracle, or that they got "a little lucky," or even that their raw talent made it happen...
Lieutenant J: But I assure you, the reason they actually pulled this off was none of the above. It's all thanks to the groundwork that the Thanatos System laid for them... and that "bracelet" around your wrist.
Lieutenant J: No matter how desperately they ran, they were up against trained, coordinated professionals. A group like that is going to be prepared for everything, even the possibility of a sneak attack...
Lieutenant J: The fact that you made it here anyway is a testament to the fact that Oslo didn't want that bomb blowing up on some random city street, as much as anything else.
Lieutenant J: He also knew that, even if you managed to get away somehow... you'd end up having to go pay him a visit anyway, unless we could find some way to remove that.
Yuuji: So we're still dancing in the palm of his hand, huh...? He just let us get away with it...
Lieutenant J: Your sister knew exactly what Oslo was thinking, and took advantage of it in a clever way. But the other girls haven't caught on, and there's no need to tell them. Wouldn't want to imply all their efforts were in vain, after all.
Yuuji: Is there no way to get this thing off me...?
Lieutenant J: We'd have to attach it to a generator that could feed it falsified "vital signs," then cut your hand off at the wrist. Of course, that means your right hand would be lost for good.
Lieutenant J: That might sound like a reasonable price to pay for your life, but I'd have to be the one performing the operation. And given the limited equipment I have to work with here, there's a serious risk that I'd fail.
Yuuji: That leaves us with two choices... We cut off my hand and make a run for it, or I head off for a showdown with Oslo... Guess it all comes down to this, huh...?
Lieutenant J: Regrettably, there isn't much time to think it over. That bomb's going to blow up three hours from now even if you sit around doing nothing.
Yuuji: When this thing blows up, it'll obliterate everything in a 1500 meter radius... If worse comes to worst, you might have to dump me into the ocean and make a run for it...
Lieutenant J: Well, there's no need to make your decision this very second. No matter what you choose, we do have at least a little time to work with.
Lieutenant J: ...Come in.
Zoe: Pardon me...
Zoe: ...Captain Mikemeyer, Miss Thanatos wants to discuss our course of action with you. Please return to the First Command Room immediately...
Lieutenant J: Hm, I see...
Yuuji: ...Wait, you're a Captain now...?
Lieutenant J: Military physicians get promoted quickly. After two years, it's nothing that surprising... but we can chat about all that some other time.
Lieutenant J: Can I leave the rest to you?
Zoe: Yes. I'll take over here...
Lieutenant J: Much appreciated.
Zoe: How are you feeling...?
Yuuji: ...Who are you supposed to be?
Zoe: I'm Zoe Graham of the United States Central Intelligence Agency. A pleasure to make your acquaintance...
Yuuji: You're from Langley...? What are you doing here...?
Zoe: Does my last name... the name "Graham"... remind you of anyone, perhaps?
Yuuji: Hm, I don't know... when would this have been?
Zoe: ...It was when you were rather young. You don't remember?
Yuuji: Sorry, but no...
Zoe: In that case, let's talk about the past for a while...
Zoe: When you were still a child... on the orders of Heath Oslo, you killed a certain man...
Zoe: The man in question was a freelance journalist who had been gathering information all across the world concerning the international terrorist Heath Oslo...
Zoe: And one day, that man happened to learn something about Oslo that absolutely no one else knew...
Zoe: He wrote up his article in the hotel room he'd been staying at, then set out in the middle of the night to deliver it to a certain newspaper. But on his way there, a small girl suddenly ran in front of his car, and it struck her...
Zoe: Crazed with panic, the man brought her into the rear seat of his car and rushed toward the hospital...
Zoe: But unfortunately, that "little girl" was in fact one of Oslo's agents. This agent stabbed the man in the neck from behind with a ballpoint pen, killing him... and jumped out of the car as it plunged off the side of the road...
Zoe: Just to be thorough, "she" even set the car's fuel tank on fire before she fled, burning most of the evidence within to ashes... Of course, that "little girl" was you...
Zoe: ...The man you murdered that night was named Paul Graham. He was 38 years old at the time of his death. And he was my father...
Yuuji: ......
Zoe: ...I've been searching for you ever since I was a child. I joined the CIA because I wanted to track you down...
Zoe: At long last, I've caught up with you... I sacrificed a great deal to make this happen... and now, all my efforts have finally paid off...
Yuuji: ...So... I'm your father's murderer...?
Zoe: That's right, you are...
Yuuji: Well... I won't deny that I killed him... and for what it's worth, I feel terrible about it...
Zoe: I'm not doing this because I wanted an apology...
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess not... Are you going to kill me, then?
Zoe: Do you want me to...?
Yuuji: You've got every right...
Yuuji: But if you kill me here and now, this whole ship will be blown apart... I'd appreciate it if you could wait a little longer...
Zoe: .........
Yuuji: I'm not planning to run away. Once it's all over, I promise to come back and give you another chance... 
Zoe: There's no proof you'll keep your word... Do you expect me to trust the man who killed my father...?
Yuuji: Tell me, how much have you found out about me? Do you know what kind of person I am...? 
Zoe: I've reviewed every document I could concerning you... and I've also heard about you from a man who calls himself your friend. I believe I know the nature of the life you've lived...
Zoe: However, none of that has any bearing on this...
Yuuji: You probably know this if you read my file, but... I've killed too many people... I'm not interested in clinging stubbornly to my life at the cost of sacrificing others. And I knew something like this might happen eventually...
Yuuji: I'm not going to ask you to forgive me... just to wait a little longer. I'll come back and let you kill me, no matter what...
Yuuji: But... there's something I need to take care of first...
Zoe: You want to... settle the score with Oslo...?
Yuuji: That's right...
Zoe: ...Very well then.
Zoe: Killing you here and now wouldn't bring back any of the people you murdered...
Zoe: And if you're willing to sacrifice yourself to destroy Oslo, you'll save the lives of all those he'd otherwise murder...
Zoe: Killing him is your rightful responsibility. Both the United States and I want to see you fulfill it...
Zoe: Until you've defeated Oslo... I won't permit you to die for your own reasons, whatever they might be. Is that acceptable...?
Yuuji: I wasn't planning on it anyway. Sounds like we have a deal...
Date: *August 6, 2012, 21:07 - Submarine - I-400*
Captain J: ...Is this where you were? Didn't you call me to the First Command Room?
Thanatos: Pardon? What are you talking about...?
Captain J: You wanted to see me so we could discuss our course of action, right?
Thanatos: No. Who told you that?
Captain J: Well, it was Graham-kun... You didn't actually ask her to find me?
Thanatos: Ah... it was her...? In that case, I think I know what's going on...
Thanatos: Is she alone with my brother right now...?
Captain J: Yes. She offered to look after him for me... Was that a mistake on my part?
Thanatos: No, it's quite all right. Based on her agreement with me, she has every right to do what she's doing.
Captain J: What does that mean? I'm not quite sure I understand...
Thanatos: In any case, it isn't a problem. Since you've come all the way out onto the deck... Ah, I know. Why don't I introduce you to a splendid young woman?
Captain J: Hm...?
Thanatos: ...Tachibana-san? I do apologize, but would you mind cutting off your tour and coming back out here?
Narration: *Pushing her face into a hatch that presumably connected to some kind of communication tube, Thanatos called down into it...*
Principal: "Okay! I'm coming back now."
Narration: *...and a moment later, a slightly dopey voice replied from within.*
Principal: All right, here I am! This certainly is an amazing ship. Can you really sail it with such a tiny crew?
Thanatos: It might be a World War II-era replica, but that's only in terms of its external appearance. Its internal systems are supported by modern electronic equipment, so when necessary even a single person can control it.
Thanatos: And this here is the man who brought this ship here from Myanmar all by himself, Captain Justin Mikemeyer.
Captain J: Pleasure to meet you! I'm Mikemeyer. I do find the name Justin a bit embarrassing, so please feel free to call me "J."
Principal: My, what a polite introduction. I'm Tachibana Chizuru, former principal of Mihama Academy.
Captain J: I know we haven't met, but I am familiar with your name. I was Kazami's commanding officer during that unpleasant incident at the Vancouver International Airport, you see...
Principal: My goodness! That's quite a coincidence. Thank you so much for your help back then!
Captain J: Not at all. I know my subordinates weren't exactly on their best behavior at the time... Please allow me to apologize again for the manner in which they mistreated you.
Thanatos: Incidentally, Captain... Miss Tachibana here will soon be the new owner of this ship.
Captain J: Oh? You don't say...
Principal: Wait, what!? I haven't actually decided to buy it yet! I mean, a submarine as a school building? That's just absurd! 
Thanatos: I'm afraid it's a bit late for second thoughts. I've already registered the ship in your name online... And take a look over there. You see our dutiful maid hard at work, yes?
Principal: ...Komine-san!? Why on earth is she dangling from a rope out there!?
Thanatos: She's painting the name of the ship on its side. You're the proud owner of 3500-ton mega-"yacht" "Mihama Academy."
Principal: I never agreed to this!!!
Thanatos: Did you bring Mihama's school flag with you, as I believe I requested beforehand?
Principal: Uh... yes... I did bring it along, just in case...
Thanatos: Let's hoist it up immediately, then.
Thanatos: Once that flag is flying from the sail - where we'd usually declare our nationality - this privately-owned vessel will gain certain privileges as a "school."
Principal: ...Privileges...?
Thanatos: Primarily, we'll be exempt from tax liability and police jurisdiction. And even if we anchor the ship in a foreign country, in legal terms we'll have the same rights as someone standing on Japanese soil.
Thanatos: Basically, this ship will officially become Mihama Academy, no matter where it goes...
Thanatos: And with that school flag flying over us, the authorities can't simply barge inside, even if we're harboring a vicious gang of criminals.
Principal: I don't like the way you're describing a holy place of learning as some den of villainy, but... if that's the best way to protect my students... hmmm...
Thanatos: Once we've painted the name on the hull, we're going to set sail and leave this place behind immediately. Will you two please head back inside and prepare for our departure?
Captain J: Are you not coming with us, Miss Thanatos...?
Thanatos: I think... I'll stay out here a little longer and look at Japan...
Captain J: I see... Well then, let's head back inside the ship, Miss Tachibana...
Principal: All right. Incidentally, you can call me Chizuru.
Captain J: ...C-zooru...?
Principal: It's Chizuru!! That's a "zu," not a "zoo"!!
Narration: *―For a moment, Thanatos paused to reflect on the words she'd just spoken.*
Narration: *Where had this desire to gaze at her country come from...?*
Narration: *In her time as a disembodied "system," she'd come to think of "national defense" as a concrete objective, rather than an abstract concept. But this was the first time she'd ever expressed such sentimental thoughts about her homeland.*
Narration: *Perhaps regaining her physical form had left her somewhat vulnerable emotionally...?*
Narration: *Was this just how it felt to have a body?*
Narration: *Many people are willing to sacrifice themselves heroically while playing a game on their TV set, but prove to be complete cowards in real life. Had her escape from the confines of the Thanatos System left her equally timid...?*
Narration: *Looking down at the pitch-black sea, she studied the gently swaying reflection of the moon. And after a moment, she raised her eyes to gaze at the distant shore, glittering with the lights of human activity.*
Kazuki: The world's a surprisingly beautiful place, isn't it...?
Narration: *No mechanical "eyes" could possibly convey such an overwhelming amount of visual information.*
Narration: *Even compared to the world she'd imagined inside her mind, this seemed a far more breathtakingly brilliant place.*
Yuuji: ...Nee-chan...
Narration: *It was the familiar voice of her brother.*
Narration: *This, too, seemed distinctly different from what she'd "heard" through the machine - and from her memories of the past.*
Thanatos: ...Should you really be up and about already?
Yuuji: I could ask you the same thing... but forget that for now. I think you owe me an explanation...
Thanatos: ...Well, that's easier said that done. Where do I even begin?
Yuuji: Why didn't you tell me you still had a body left...?
Thanatos: If you'd known the truth, what would you have done?
Yuuji: .........
Thanatos: There you have it. That's why I didn't tell anyone... not even you.
Thanatos: Do you have any other questions?
Yuuji: What are you... planning to do next...?
Thanatos: Good question... I suppose I'll flee overseas in this ship...
Yuuji: ...Do you have a destination in mind?
Thanatos: Of course. We're heading for a tropical island.
Yuuji: ...A tropical island...?
Thanatos: There's a small, privately-owned island in the Micronesian region of the Pacific... We'll be taking refuge there.
Yuuji: Privately-owned...? Who's the owner?
Thanatos: It belongs to you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...What?
Thanatos: ...You know about Harudera-san's bright yellow car, don't you?
Yuuji: Sure... When JB got promoted as part of her transfer to Japan, she used all the money she got from the "Company" to buy it...
Thanatos: That's right... and just like Harudera-san splurged on that car, Kusakabe Asako also used her life savings to purchase something...
Yuuji: ...You're saying... that "something" was this island...?
Thanatos: Yes... After she died, the island she'd purchased passed into your possession...
Yuuji: ...This is crazy... The woman never breathed a word about that to me...
Thanatos: As I'm sure you know better than anyone, that's just the kind of person she was... Is there anything else you wanted to ask me...?
Yuuji: Nah... nothing else comes to mind...
Thanatos: ...I see...
Thanatos: In that case, is there anything you want to say to me...?
Yuuji: .........
Yuuji: Close your eyes, spread your feet, and grit your teeth...
Thanatos: .........
Thanatos: All right...
Narration: *The instant she closed her eyes, her brother slapped her in the face.*
Narration: *Her cheek stung with heat, but the pain wasn't particularly severe.*
Narration: *That said... No matter how unreasonably she'd treated him, Yuuji had never raised a hand against his sister before. Not even once.*
Narration: *The knowledge that she'd driven him to this hurt Kazuki far more than the blow to her face.*
Yuuji: You moron... do you have any idea how worried I was about you...?
Yuuji: There's... so many things I want to ask... I don't even know where to start! Why do you always have to be like this, Nee-chan...?
Kazuki: You're right. I'm sorry.
Yuuji: Look, uh... I'm not even sure where I'm going with this anymore... Mind if I cry for a minute...?
Kazuki: Come here, Yuuji...
Narration: *As her brother fell weakly to his knees, Kazuki gently wrapped her arms around him.*
Narration: *"When had he gotten so big, anyway...?"*
Narration: *As Yuuji buried his face against his sister's slender body, weeping quietly like a child, that was the first thought to run through her mind.*
Thanatos: ...You've gotten a bit bigger, but I see you're still a crybaby at heart...
Narration: *These slightly teasing words elicited no response whatsoever.*
Narration: *The poor boy had been through a lot. *
Narration: *More than most people could possibly have endured, in fact.*
Yuuji: ...Why, Nee-chan...?
Narration: *Those were the only words he managed to force out of his mouth.*
Narration: *There were far too many possible responses to such a vague inquiry.*
Narration: *But if she had to interpret on behalf of her overwhelmed little brother... he was probably asking something like "Why did it turn out this way?"*
Thanatos: I'm... very proud of you. I know you must have suffered terribly...
Thanatos: But even so, you never gave up... and that's why we've been reunited...
Thanatos: Anyway... would you really have preferred... a dull, uneventful life, spent hiding in my shadow...?
Narration: *When she phrased it this way, it almost sounded as if she'd kept her distance to help him grow as a person. But in truth, Kazuki herself had been growing rather tired of their former relationship.*
Narration: *People called her a genius, but in the end she was only human. She'd failed in far too many ways, and those errors had begun to weigh quite heavily on her shoulders.*
Narration: *Her brother had always been compared against his "genius" of a sister.*
Narration: *Her very existence had caused him to suffer.*
Narration: *Even so, she'd believed there was a path forward for them.*
Narration: *Perhaps her brother would end up totally reliant on her for the rest of his life, but that didn't seem so bad. A part of her would even have preferred such an outcome.*
Narration: *But considered from another angle, this was proof that she was just as "reliant" on him.*
Narration: *Such dependency was simply incompatible with the kind of perfection she'd sought in herself until then.*
Narration: *Now that she'd fallen in love with her brother this deeply, Kazuki could no longer change.*
Narration: *She could no longer allow herself to change.*
Narration: *But if she couldn't perfect herself, she just had to perfect her surroundings. To remake everything around her.*
Narration: *The moment she realized this, everything else stopped mattering.*
Narration: *She'd begun to fantasize about creating an entirely new world.*
Narration: *There was no such thing as "paradise" on this earth.*
Narration: *But if it didn't exist, why not just create it?*
Narration: *For her brother, and for herself, Kazuki had decided to build a new world.*
Narration: *This was why she'd fought her long and lonely battle - all to bring that dream to fruition.*
Thanatos: ...Yuuji... what are you going to do now? What do you want to do...?
Yuuji: .........
Thanatos: You have two choices...
Thanatos: The first is to cut off your hand along with that bomb, and flee to your island with the rest of us...
Thanatos: Once we make it there, I'll handle everything else... I won't let anyone harm you ever again. You'll be safe for the rest of your life...
Thanatos: You've fought very hard for a very long time, Yuuji... No one's going to blame you if you choose to run away now.
Thanatos: And the other choice available to you... is to face Heath Oslo one final time.
Thanatos: At a glance, this might seem like the "correct" path, but there's obviously enormous risk involved. I can't guarantee you'll succeed...
Thanatos: What's more, there are many people who would mourn your death bitterly... And their sadness may eventually fester into hatred, giving rise to new tragedies.
Thanatos: Fighting does require courage, but so does running away... By now, I think you can understand the meaning of those words...
Yuuji: ...Nee-chan... I have to go...
Thanatos: To go... where, exactly?
Yuuji: ...I have to go to Oslo...
Thanatos: Did you think this through carefully?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: And I made a promise with you, remember? I said I'd take Oslo down...
Thanatos: Things have changed since then. And to be honest, I pushed you into that "promise" because I was afraid you'd give up entirely without a goal to work toward.
Yuuji: Yeah, but... I've got to go anyway...
Yuuji: For one thing, I just promised a woman I'd kill Oslo...
Thanatos: Ah, Zoe Graham...?
Yuuji: And more importantly... no matter how bad the odds might look, it's pretty lame to give up before you even try, right?
Thanatos: Well, I did expect you to say something of the sort...
Thanatos: In any case... it's nice that you're feeling so determined, but do you even know where Oslo is...?
Yuuji: Uh... why don't you find him for me, Nee-chan...?
Thanatos: I think you mean "Please help me, Onee-chan."
Yuuji: ...Please help me, Nee-chan...
Thanatos: Not Nee-chan! Onee-chan! There's a very important difference there.
Yuuji: ...I'm begging you, Onee-chan...
Thanatos: "Please" would have been good enough. I don't want my own brother "begging" me... You'd think we were strangers! Honestly, why are you so terrible at asking your own sister for a favor? I don't know what I'm going to do with you...
Yuuji: ...Okay, now you're starting to get on my nerves...
Thanatos: Pardon?
Yuuji: ...Kazukiii...
Thanatos: Yes, dear? I did tell you to call me "Onee-chan," didn't I?
Yuuji: That does it! Get over here for a second!!
Thanatos: Huh? Wait, I... ouch! What are you doing!?
Yuuji: You're coming with me!
Thanatos: No! Stop it, Yuuji! Do you really think you can mistreat your own sister like this!? I won't stand for it!
Narration: *Even a genius of Kazami Kazuki's caliber miscalculated sometimes.*
Narration: *Her mistake this time was the result of certain extremely flawed assumptions regarding her brother's proficiency in the "handling" of women.*
Narration: *The boy she'd once known had been timid, gentle, and completely submissive to his sister in all things... So she'd hardly expected him to turn on her with all the force of a bloodthirsty beast.*
Narration: *Through long years of experience, Kazami Yuuji had all but mastered the art of bending impossibly difficult women to his will. And he didn't hesitate to put these techniques into practice on his own unsuspecting sister.*
Narration: *And thus, a mere five minutes later...*
Thanatos: ...Oh, very well then... I suppose I'll do as you say this time...
Yuuji: Appreciate it, Nee-chan.
Thanatos: ...Listen, Yuuji. You can't do that sort of thing to any other girls, all right...?
Yuuji: Hm? Oh, right...
Narration: *Well then... what exactly did "that sort of thing" mean, specifically?*
Narration: *Yuuji himself wasn't entirely sure, given that he'd resorted to quite a few different methods.*

Narration: *About ten minutes later, Milliela radioed in to report that she'd used up the last of her fuel and could no longer continue patrolling the skies.*
Narration: *Having received this message just as they were weighing anchor, the group decided to wait for her arrival so they could rendezvous at sea.*
Millie: Jeeeeeanieeeeee!!!
Narration: *They ended up having to remove both the 40mm naval gun on the afterdeck and the ship's antenna wire... But despite the inherent difficulty of her task, Milliela had ultimately managed to land her helicopter safely on the submarine.*
Narration: *After impatiently undoing her seat belt, she'd crawled out of the cockpit, thrown off her helmet, and set off running across the deck with her arms open wide. Yuuji felt obligated to spread his own arms to receive her.*
Yuuji: Milliela...!!
Narration: *"Milliela... are you crazy...? You worked hard for years to make it as a pilot... and now you've thrown it all away for me...?"*
Narration: *As the distance separating them shrunk to a mere two meters, Yuuji found himself swinging one of his outstretched arms forward... And an instant later, he'd smacked the bottom of his left palm into the center of Milliela's face.*
Yuuji: ...How stupid are you, woman!?!
Millie: ...Bugah!!
Narration: *Something "crunched" against his palm in a rather disturbing manner. Milliela, who'd been running toward him at considerable speed, tumbled backward onto the deck with her arms still outstretched.*
Narration: *Factually speaking... the man had just bashed the palm of his hand into a woman's face with no warning.*
Narration: *To anyone unfamiliar with the particular nature of their relationship, it would have appeared as nothing less than a deranged act of brutality.*
Narration: *Understandably enough, the students of Mihama Academy - who'd been watching the helicopter land from the upper deck - went pale at this sudden display of cruelty. Some yelped loudly in alarm.*
Narration: *On the other hand, their former superior officer Captain J knew both of them well. His only response was an exasperated grin, as if to say "This again, Kazami? You're not supposed to hit women in the face at the drop of a hat."*
Narration: *As for the victim herself, Milliela Stanfield... the expression on her face could reasonably be described as "dreamy," or perhaps even "blissful." Had her brain simply been jarred by the blow...?*
Millie: Bwaaah... You're awful, Jeanie! We haven't seen each other in forever, and this is how you treat me!?
Yuuji: Uh, right... Sorry. I was planning to catch you in my arms, but then I started thinking too much... Sort of pissed myself off there...
Amane: What the heck, Yuuji!?! How can you treat a girl like that!?!
Milliela: Haanh!? Who asked your opinion, lady!? My Jeanie can do what he wants, so keep the bitching to yourself!!
Amane: W-Whaaat...? Why are you mad? I was trying to back you up here...
Captain J: Ha ha ha! You might not know it to look at her, but the girl's a soldier herself. She's used to taking punches.
Millie: Listen up real good! There's only one woman this man's ever punched in the face within ten minutes of meeting her... and that woman was me! Don't you dare forget it!
Makina: Okay, why does she seem so friggin' proud of that...?
Sachi: ...That look in her eyes reminds me of someone...
Michiru: Seriously, WHY are you looking at me as you say that!?
Yumiko: In any case... all of our passengers have now arrived, correct?
Makina: What are we gonna do now?
Yuuji: You're going to flee overseas in this ship. I'll be heading out to pay Oslo a quick visit.
Amane: Whaaat!? After all we went through to rescue you!?
Yuuji: I'm really grateful for that... Thanks to all of you, I know I have a place to come home to...
Yuuji: Don't worry, I'm not going off to die. I'll make it back, no matter what...
Makina: Then I'm comin' too!!
Yuuji: You've done more than enough already. I've got to finish this myself, or there won't be any meaning to what I'm doing... You can understand that, right?
Makina: ...I understand... I do understand... but yer still breakin' my heart here, man...
Yuuji: I'll clean things up right away and be back in no time. You've got nothing to worry about.
Yumiko: Do you even know where Oslo is?
Yuuji: My sister's figuring that out for me as we speak.
Sachi: ...I suppose... we should see you off with a smile...
Amane: All right then. I'll have dinner ready and waiting for you, okay? Try to get back as soon as you can...
Michiru: I'm not going to say anything. I'd just end up trying to stop you... and it's not like you'd listen to me, of all people...
“Michiru”: So instead, I'll just give you a little good-luck charm.
Makina: Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Amane: Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Sachi: Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Yumiko: Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Millie: Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Everyone: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!"
Makina: Chiruchiru!! What the hell are you doin', girl!?! You wanna go!?!
Amane: No fair! No faaaair! I totally wanted to do that, but I was trying to be considerate!!
Sachi: She perpetrated this outrage knowing full well that we'd beat her senseless for it later! A moron without shame is a truly formidable foe...
Yumiko: ...I see... I suppose that was an option, wasn't it...? She got the better of us this time...
Millie: Wha―! That's my job, okay!? Don't fuckin' cut in front of me!!
“Michiru”: ...How's that? Feeling luckier already, right?
Makina: Hey there, Chiruchiru... ya little shit!!
“Michiru”: Sorry. Just exercising my privileges as the main heroine.
Makina: Stop wigglin' the corners of yer mouth! You want me ta wipe that smirk off yer face!? Arrgh, I'm SO pissed!!
Millie: Get heeeer!!
Michiru: ...Huh? Waaah!?
Michiru: Wait, no!! That wasn't me just now! It was the other me, not the normal me!
Millie: The hell does that even mean!? Quit makin' shit up!!
Makina: Don't try ta squirm outta this!!
Thanatos: ...They're on the rampage again, I see... Why can't these girls ever sit still...?
Yuuji: Did you figure out where Oslo is?
Thanatos: Yes, and it didn't take much effort at all. He's all but advertising his current position.
Yuuji: And where would that be?
Thanatos: Have you ever heard of Tartarus Isle?
Yuuji: Never had the pleasure of visiting, but the name's familiar. Do you know where it is?
Thanatos: Latitude 30 degrees, 29 minutes, 36 seconds north... longitude 152 degrees, 56 minutes, 34 seconds east... 703 kilometers from our current location. A bit too far for a boat ride, I'm afraid.
Yuuji: Not a problem, we've got Milliela's helicopter. Tartarus isn't moving, right?
Yumiko: ...How would an island be moving?
Yuuji: Tartarus isn't an actual island. It's an enormous ship the size of one.
Yuuji: On that note, Milliela... would you mind giving me a ride over there?
Milliela: Fine by me, but I'm out of fuel. We've gotta fill her up somewhere.
Captain J: We've got a supply of JP-8 on this ship, so that won't be a problem. Let's get started right away.
Narration: *―When I was a child, I couldn't even deal with my own problems, let alone anyone else's.*
Narration: *Even now that I was a grown man, that hadn't really changed. I wanted to use my life to help others, but at the end of the day, I hadn't accomplished much in that regard.*
Narration: *I'd grabbed a few people by the hand when they were drowning. I'd given a few people a push on the back. And even those minor acts of kindness were motivated by my selfish desire for death.*
Narration: *No matter how hard I fought for them, I felt like a hypocrite, trying to fool myself into believing I was a "good person."*
Narration: *But even so... everyone on that ship had risked their lives to help me.*
Narration: *Asako once told me that you can't understand the reason you were born... and whether you made the right choices... until you're staring death in the face.*
Narration: *And on the verge of this decisive battle, I found myself thinking that the path I'd chosen had been the right one all along.*
Narration: *Thanks to that, I could head off to fight without anyone ordering me to do so - and without the slightest hint of doubt in my heart.*
Narration: *―It was painful to imagine how my classmates were feeling as they saw me off.*
Narration: *If I'd been in their shoes, I probably would have stopped my classmate from going off to face their death... or stubbornly insisted on accompanying them. *
Narration: *Men like me weren't made of stern enough stuff to endure waiting patiently for someone we care about to come home.*
Narration: *The women of Mihama, on the other hand, were unbelievably strong.*
Narration: *It made me proud to have known them.*
Amane: Hey, Yuuji! What about lunch? Want to take this with you?
Yuuji: Hrm... it's nice of you to offer, but I don't think I'll have the chance to spread out a meal in the middle of enemy territory.
Amane: You can't fight on an empty stomach, though...
Yuuji: I'll eat it now, then. I haven't had any decent meals in quite a while.
Amane: Aha... everything's happening really fast, so I couldn't put together anything too special... Sorry about that.
Yuuji: It's more than enough.
Makina: Onii-chan!! Ya need weapons if yer goin' off ta fight, yeah!? Don't worry, I picked 'em up for ya!
Yuuji: ...My bag and rifle...?
Narration: *Inside the familiar bag, which usually contained whatever I needed for a specific job, I found all of the equipment I'd used since my term of active service.*
Yuuji: ...Ueda-san brought you all of the personal gear they were holding on to, huh?
Narration: *Unfortunately, the bag was also missing something very important.*
Yuuji: Figures... I've got a rifle, but no bullets...
Makina: ...Wait, what...?
Yuuji: It isn't hard to get approval to take a gun out for "maintenance," but that doesn't work so well for ammunition...
Yuuji: The bullets they supply to agents in the field aren't issued until they've submitted a whole mess of paperwork... and notified the MET. It's not easy to just sneak a few "extra" rounds of live ammo out of storage, either...
Makina: Don't we have any bullets on this ship?
Captain J: As you can see, all the armaments on this submarine are harmless replicas. Even a single nine millimeter bullet wouldn't be allowed into this country in anything but "collectible" condition.
Makina: ...I'm outta ammo fer my Barrett, too... What th' heck is the point of havin' guns if we can't get any bullets, man...?
Yuuji: It's not a big deal. They'll have plenty of weapons lying around once I get there, right? I'll just have to borrow a few of theirs.
Makina: Ya think they'll be willin' ta loan you some?
Yuuji: I'll make sure to ask extra politely...
Captain J: Kazami, we've refinished refueling the helicopter. You can take off whenever you want.
Yuuji: Right. Thanks.
Thanatos: Are you leaving already?
Yuuji: Not much point waiting around, is there...?
JB: ...Hold on, Yuuji.
Yuuji: JB... you're here too...?
Thanatos: The woman's got a bit of a guilty conscience about the way she hid my existence from you, so she's been hiding ever since she arrived. But this might well be her last chance to see you, so I suppose she felt the need to emerge...
JB: I... wasn't "hiding" from you or anything!
Yuuji: You can apologize to me about that whole mess after I get back, all right?
JB: No, seriously, just listen to me for a minute... Come over here...
Yuuji: What's this about...?
JB: There's no point trying to give you some overly complicated explanation at this point, so I'll just cut to the chase...
JB: You need to reconsider picking a fight with Oslo. I know what you can do, but he's just too much to handle.
Yuuji: Wouldn't have expected to hear this from you, of all people. You're talking to Asako's disciple, remember?
JB: Yes, but even Asako herself couldn't beat Oslo...
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
JB: ......
Yuuji: I'm asking you a question, JB.
JB: That hurts! Let go of me!
JB: ...Oslo and Asako did fight each other once, a long time ago...
JB: And in that battle... Oslo gave her the wound that would eventually cause her death...
JB: She'd very nearly backed him into a corner, but he managed to hit her with a gun he'd taken from a subordinate... Asako knew about his distaste for firearms, so she got a little too careless...
Yuuji: ...Was this before you rescued me?
JB: That's right... Of course, Asako kept chasing Oslo around for years afterward... but in the end, that injury took her life...
Yuuji: Sounds like all the more reason for me to go.
JB: What, now you want to avenge her death?
Yuuji: You really don't understand, JB? He killed the woman I loved more than anyone else...
JB: What's the point of getting revenge now? Murdering Oslo won't bring Asako back to life.
Yuuji: I'm aware of that... but I still hate the bastard, and I'll feel better once I blow him away. Simple as that.
JB: That's just childish. You're just lowering yourself to Oslo's level...
Yuuji: Have to disagree with you there. I'm a lot "lower" than him...
Yuuji: Look, everyone picks up a few enemies in the course of their life... That's just the way it goes, you know...?
Yuuji: But of course, it's better not to provoke people when you don't have to. Makes things a lot easier in general...
Yuuji: And the one thing you absolutely never want to do... is make an enemy out of someone like me.
JB: ...Well... I suppose I shouldn't have expected you to listen to the likes of me...
Yuuji: I'll come back, don't worry...
JB: ...Oh, shut up... Go get yourself killed, you idiot...
Yuuji: ...Sorry to keep you waiting. Can we take off right away?
Milliela: Uh, sure. But don't you need any luggage or anything?
Yuuji: I just made a full-grown woman cry. It's kind of awkward, so I'd like to get going.
Milliela: You really are awful, Jeanie...
Yuuji: That's exactly why I'm always telling you to keep your distance, you know?
Milliela: ...If any of us could manage to do that, we wouldn't even be here... Damn it... we're all a bunch of idiots, aren't we...?
Yuuji: You say something!?
Milliela: No! It's nothing! 
Thanatos: ...You think he's a fool for doing this, don't you?
JB: ...To be perfectly honest, your brother most definitely is a fool...
Thanatos: I suppose so... But I love him anyway, and I wouldn't find a man who makes the "wise" choice at a time like this particularly attractive...
Thanatos: Women who fall in love with a man like him are the biggest fools of all, really.
JB: ...I suppose you... might have a point there...
Thanatos: Well then...
Captain J: What shall we do now, Miss Thanatos?
Thanatos: Heheh... Well, my little brother's flown off to finally put his past to rest. It wouldn't be very dignified for his sister to run away from her own problems... I suppose I'll have to settle the score as well.
Captain J: Settle the score... with whom, exactly?
Thanatos: The Thanatos System, of course.
Captain J: But you've already been freed from the System. What more do you want?
Thanatos: Yes, I detached myself. But we left the rest of the System behind, perfectly intact.
Captain J: True enough...
Thanatos: The Thanatos System is still perfectly functional, even without my assistance. And at present, it's actively falling into the hands of the terrorist Heath Oslo. That's an exceptionally dangerous state of affairs.
Thanatos: Had my brother chosen to cast everything aside and flee, I almost certainly would have chosen to do exactly the same...
Thanatos: But instead, he chose to face his foe - for the sake of his own future, and that of many others.
Thanatos: Under the circumstances, I'd be ashamed to call myself his sister if I didn't stand up and fight as well.
Thanatos: And while it may have slipped your minds, there's also the little matter of those experimental bombs that Oslo smuggled into the metropolitan area.
Thanatos: Had my brother decided to abandon his country and flee, I wouldn't have lifted a finger in defense of Japan... But at this point, turning a blind eye would probably take something of a toll on my conscience.
Thanatos: In addition to all this... for the sake of my brother's future well-being, it might be rather wise to put Japan in our "debt," so to speak.
Captain J: I see... You're not the kind of person I'd want to make an enemy of, miss...
Thanatos: In total, Oslo smuggled 3000 milligrams of hafnium into Japan. However, the bracelet on my brother's arm contains only 1000 milligrams of that material...
Thanatos: In that case, where could the remaining 2000 milligrams have gone?
Thanatos: First up... Let's hear your thoughts, Sakaki Yumiko!
Yumiko: I'd imagine they're using it to negotiate a deal for the Thanatos System...
Thanatos: Well done! Most countries won't hand over the the backbone of their national defense strategy out of the goodness of their hearts. But proposing a "trade" for the bombs isn't going to work either, especially when you're Heath Oslo.
Thanatos: How are you supposed to negotiate with someone who doesn't even flinch when you shout "I've got a bomb"? It's quite simple, really. Irisu Makina! Your answer, please!
Makina: ...Uhm... maybe ya actually plant th' bombs somewhere, an' tell 'em yer gonna set them off unless they give in right away...?
Thanatos: Very good! Another perfect answer! You're actually rather clever, despite that imbecilic persona of yours!
Makina: ...Did ya have ta throw in that last part?
Thanatos: Essentially, the remaining hafnium bombs have already been planted somewhere or other. And by pressuring the government with a time limit, they're attempting to impair their ability to think rationally.
Yumiko: ...But isn't the Thanatos System falling into Oslo's hands already...?
Thanatos: Yes, that's true. It may take anywhere from a couple dozen minutes to a few hours, but Oslo will eventually succeed in seizing control of the System.
Yumiko: In that case, there isn't much point in blackmailing Japan with these bombs, is there?
Thanatos: If Oslo was obtaining the Thanatos System in complete condition, then yes, "blackmailing" the government wouldn't be particularly meaningful.
Thanatos: However... Let me ask you something, Sakaki Yumiko. If you purchased a car, then learned that the engine would be sold separately, would you simply nod and accept that?
Yumiko: ...Well, let's see... maybe if it was some special part that had to be custom-made by engineers in England...? Or perhaps...
Thanatos: Hmmm... I may not have chosen the best example there. Er, you there! Blonde Thing!
Michiru: ...It's Matsushima, thanks...
Thanatos: All right, Matsushima Michiru. Let's say you purchased a soft-serve ice cream for 100 yen in a supermarket food court, but they handed you an empty cone and said the ice cream would come at an additional cost. How would you react?
Michiru: How is it an ice cream cone if they just give you the cone!? That's fraud! I'll see this clerk in COURT!!
Thanatos: Right, sure. Not that anyone's stupid enough to file suit over a 100-yen ice cream cone, but that's about the reaction you'd expect.
Makina: So yer sayin'... he isn't gonna deactivate his bombs after all?
Thanatos: Probably not. Oslo doesn't stand much to gain from doing so. And leaving them active offers him a number of benefits...
Thanatos: Above all else, modern Japan's all but forgotten the pain it experienced in the past... and a nice big boom might make for a perfect wake-up call.
Yumiko: ...A wake-up call...?
Thanatos: Ah, have I got you curious? Allow me to explain. Back when I was still known by the name "Thanatos," and served as the backbone of Japan's national defense...
Makina: Uh, wasn't that just a couple friggin' hours ago...?
Thanatos: ......
Amane: Why do you have to keep leaving Kazuki dumbfounded...?
Thanatos: ...Let me just get to the point, then.
Thanatos: Essentially, there are far too many people more concerned with grand gestures and short-term budget holes than actually building functional Japanese defense organizations. Our representatives are mostly quite short-sighted people.
Thanatos: Our nation is content to complain about its toothaches rather than going to the dentist. Oslo wants to stand in front of us with a big smirk on his face and say... "Don't think Uncle Sam will keep you rich and safe forever."
Makina: ...A big smirk, eh... or BS fer short! So this here's Operation BS, huh?
Thanatos: ...Sure, fine, suit yourself. As of this moment, we're commencing operation BS.
Yumiko: That's all well and good... but what exactly are we going to do?
Thanatos: There are two components to this operation. First of all, we need to deal with the Thanatos System somehow.
Thanatos: The System was weakened somewhat when I detached myself from it, but its powers are still quite formidable. What do you think would happen if we sat back and allowed it to fall into the hands of a terrorist organization?
Michiru: ...Uhm... everything would get totally messed up...?
Thanatos: ...Can you try to refrain from any future remarks of that sort? I'd like to focus my thoughts on the Thanatos System, not the condition of your cerebrum...
Michiru: ...Huh?
Yumiko: She's asking you to think before you speak...
Thanatos: Well, never mind. It's true enough... things are going to get quite "messed up" if we don't take action.
Amane: Wait a second... you're not planning on going back into the Thanatos System, are you!?
Thanatos: Why on earth would I put myself back in the very predicament it took so much effort to escape? We've already had quite enough of that from my brother. I have no intention of returning, I assure you.
Thanatos: By the way, even if I did go back at this point, it would take nearly two weeks of prep time to reintegrate me into the system. And since I already betrayed the main system once, I doubt it would accept my return with open arms.
Yumiko: ...The other parts of the system are copies of you, aren't they?
Thanatos: That's precisely the problem. When someone betrays me, my policy is to never trust them again.
Yumiko: ..."Tit for tat"...
Thanatos: Exactly right.
Thanatos: Slow down there, my curry-colored friend! I can see the question in your eyes... "What the heck are we gonna do, then!?"
Michiru: ...Uhm, the name's Matsushima... Could you stop focusing so much on my hair...?
Thanatos: The next option we need to consider at this point is accessing the system remotely, without physical contact.
Thanatos: But the line that I used when detaching myself from the system has been hijacked by Oslo for his invasion... And it's safe to conclude that our security hole was closed the moment that the Thanatos-Phones stopped working.
Thanatos: What's more, all "remote" or wireless connections to the system are encrypted and impossible to decipher. Even without me in there, we're still up against "Thanatos."
Sachi: Let's say that we're viewing the System as a single enormous computer server. Given that it's impossible to remotely access it via the network, we have no choice but to control it directly using a physical mouse and keyboard.
Thanatos: Not bad! You're heading in the right direction, but... the whole reason we're having this discussion is because we can't make physical contact with the system. Try taking that line of thought a little further.
Yumiko: ...We can't make physical contact, and we can't remote in... Instead of trying to think up something more outlandish, perhaps we should focus on making one of those two alternatives possible?
Thanatos: Sure. And of course, we have to consider the limits of what unarmed young women like us can accomplish. I think we can safely rule out any attempt at physically seizing the System, given the amount of firepower that would require.
Amane: ...Okay, Kazuki...
Thanatos: Yes, Amane?
Amane: You already know the answer, don't you?
Thanatos: Perhaps, but I can't be the only one who understands it. Mutual comprehension is critical for the execution of any military operation, you know?
Thanatos: Of course, if you're all willing to accept being ordered around like Matsushima Michiru, I suppose I can skip over the explanations... What do you think?
Makina: ...Geez, ya wanna lower us ta Chiruchiru's level...? Ugh... that'd be pretty friggin' humiliatin'...
Michiru: Uhhh... this is the part where I get pissed off, right?
Thanatos: Well, all right then... I suppose there isn't that much time, and all this beating around the bush is getting a bit tedious, so I'll start explaining my own plan.
Amane: ...If I hadn't interrupted, would you have kept on going forever? You never change, Kazuki...
Thanatos: The Thanatos System is presently under Oslo's control, correct? And snatching it away from him would prove to be quite difficult.
Thanatos: Given how challenging it will be to make contact with the System itself... I think we could instead focus on gaining access to Oslo's own computer systems, which have now assumed control over it.
Yumiko: I see... We were so focused on control of the System itself that we didn't even consider turning on the attacker...
Yumiko: It's a bit like buying out a corporation who just acquired a business you wanted, right?
Thanatos: A very apt analogy. When a company's just pulled off a major acquisition at great cost and expense, they're generally quite distracted by all the things they want to do with their newfound assets... and that makes them vulnerable.
Thanatos: If you have the money, it's surprisingly simple to snatch up a company that's just exhausted itself chasing a major deal.
Yumiko: So now that Oslo's seized control of it... even a thorny national security issue like the System might be resolved with nothing more than money...?
Thanatos: Yes, that's right. But let's follow that thought to its logical conclusions.
Thanatos: If we did buy out Oslo's organization, and the Thanatos System along with it... what would we be using it for?
Yumiko: ...What do you mean?
Thanatos: By obtaining Oslo's organization, we'll have obtained his enemies as well. And once the Thanatos System is in our hands, what are we going to do with it? Do you want to try and control the world from the shadows?
Makina: What a pain! Me an' Yumi-chan both came ta Mihama because we were sick of that kinda crap, ya know?
Thanatos: Absolute power corrupts absolutely... You know all too well exactly how true those words are. So what would you do instead?
Makina: Ain't it obvious!? If havin' the stupid thing is gonna start a bunch of fights, we'll throw it away!! When there's only one toy ta go around, everyone has ta play nice and share it... Otherwise, it goes straight in th' trash!!
Thanatos: All right, then. Let's throw it away.
Yumiko: Can we really make the decision that casually!?
Thanatos: I'm willing to throw everything aside for the sake of my brother. I'll discard anything he doesn't need... and if he wants a paradise, I'll do whatever it takes to make him one. That's how a big sister should be, don't you think?
Thanatos: Now then... if my brother were here, how would he answer the question we're currently pondering? Let's all do our best to imagine.
Sachi: ...Kazami-san would no doubt reply thusly... "Why would I want that kind of power...? All I need is Sachi at my side..." 
Thanatos: You're one remarkably shameless maid, I must say... but I rather like your style.
Sachi: Surely you don't believe there's anything a man could desire more passionately than an adorable maid...?
Thanatos: ...Don't be absurd. There's nothing men want more than a loving big sister they can look up to...
Amane: You think? I'm pretty sure they all want a slutty girl with big tits who puts out for free, personally...
Makina: What a load of crap! Every man's secretly yearnin' fer a cute little sister who needs their protection... the kinda girl they can wrap up in their arms!
Michiru: Heh... you people don't understand a thing, obviously. The tsundere is every man's ideal woman! Isn't that right, Yumiko?
Yumiko: ...Can you please disabuse yourself of the notion that I'm one of your kind?
Thanatos: Well, never mind all that... In any case, we're going to throw out the Thanatos System.
Yumiko: What would that entail, specifically?
Thanatos: When an expensive piece of electronics breaks down, it's nothing but trash. The same principle applies here. We just need to destroy it.
Michiru: Yeah, but HOW are we gonna do that!?
Thanatos: At one point, I said that I might give you the harshest job of all, correct?
Michiru: Ah... yeah... I think I remember something like that...
Thanatos: Right. On that note, I'd like you to sever a cable that runs along the ocean floor at a depth of about 400 meters.
Michiru: Whaaaat!? Where'd that come from!?
Thanatos: The Thanatos System is an electronic device like any other; it requires a steady supply of power to function. And it can draw electricity from three distinct sources... the main power, the sub-power, and a backup battery.
Thanatos: First of all, there's the main power, which is supplied by a civilian utility company. Fortunately, this was cut off when Oslo used Ichigaya's fire alarm system to isolate the Thanatos System and the surrounding facilities.
Thanatos: This means that the System is currently relying on its sub-power, supplied directly by a hydroelectric tidal power station located in the Pacific Ocean.
Thanatos: In other words, once we cut the "umbilical cord" that connects the Thanatos System to the generators that are providing its power... It will be left only with its backup battery system to rely on.
Thanatos: Those batteries are only designed to allow the System to enter sleep mode. They can't keep it running for even thirty minutes.
Thanatos: And once it enters sleep mode, the System will refuse any attempts to activate it until it's once again connected to a stable source of power.
Michiru: ...Uhm... so, in other words...?
Thanatos: We're pulling the plug out of the outlet, essentially.
Michiru: Wait, is it really that simple!? Why the heck haven't Japan's national defense guys done it already!?
Thanatos: Tell me something, Sakaki Yumiko. If your PC started running wild and ignoring all your inputs entirely, what would you do?
Yumiko: ...Hmm... I suppose I'd hold down the power button and force it to shut down...
Thanatos: But what if your hard drive's activity light was flashing at the time?
Yumiko: ...Well...
Thanatos: You'd wait until it stopped, wouldn't you? The situation is somewhat comparable. They're too afraid of losing that valuable data they've accumulated to cut the power all at once.
Amane: So we're gonna step in and do it for them?
Thanatos: Once we pull the plug, the Thanatos System will use its battery reserves to enter sleep mode.
Thanatos: Oslo's people will presumably try to secure a different source of power somehow, but I'm quite sure Japan won't allow that... After all, it would leave them right back in their current predicament.
Thanatos: Once the Thanatos System enters its battery-powered sleep mode, it can remain dormant for no longer than three months...
Thanatos: At that point, its batteries will be fully depleted, leaving it without any power whatsoever.
Thanatos: And once the System's fully powered down... the half-biological "cores" modeled on my brain will begin to die within an hour.
Thanatos: Now, what would you do if your computer's CPU was destroyed?
Yumiko: Remove the hard disk and place it in another computer...?
Thanatos: The storage format used by the Thanatos System is extremely unique and can't be read by any other computer. What now?
Makina: It ain't no good to nobody. Ya'd hafta just recycle it.
Thanatos: Excellent. After a long and tedious detour, we've finally reached our conclusion... Matsushima Michiru, I'd like you to cut that cable, please.
Michiru: H-How am I gonna do that...?
Thanatos: You're going to put on a diving suit, and then we're going to lower you to the ocean floor with a crane.
Thanatos: As for the crane in question... Komine Sachi, would you mind operating it?
Sachi: Ah, certainly... I'll make my best effort.
Michiru: Okay, look! Can I ask a question real quick!?
Thanatos: What is it?
Michiru: Is there some reason that these super dangerous jobs alllways get assigned to me!?
Thanatos: It's because you're the most durable and damage-resistant member of the group. Why do you ask?
Michiru: That answer really doesn't work for me!!
Thanatos: Look, I'll give you some nice curry later, okay?
Michiru: Can you start by NOT assuming that I love curry just because my hair's yellow!?
Thanatos: All right, enough griping. Go get yourself ready.
Thanatos: As for the rest of you... let's see. Why don't you help me with our other major priority - locating those explosives?
Thanatos: Sakaki Yumiko. If you were Oslo, where would you plant your bombs?
Yumiko: ...Inside nuclear power plants, perhaps?
Kazuki: Let me alter the question slightly. If you were a terrorist who wanted to cause a large amount of damage to Japan in the most reliable possible way, what would your targets be?
Yumiko: ......
Makina: The Oyang factory, I bet. If ya took Yumi-chan's instant noodles away from her, she'd be dead in a week!
Yumiko: Look, I won't deny that I love them! And I'd be sad if they disappeared! But it's not like I can't survive without them, all right!?
Thanatos: In any case, do give it some thought. I'm afraid I've reached my limit.
Amane: ...Huh? Wait, Kazuki... what does that mean?
Thanatos: Well, Amane... haven't you noticed that I've been acting a bit strangely for the last little while?
Amane: Oh... yeah. You're talking weirdly fast, I guess...? Hold on... are you sleepy, Kazuki?
Thanatos: That's right... I'm feeling remarkably sleepy right now. It's left me somewhat impulsive, allowing the more energetic side of my personality to fully assert itself...
Amane: Want to take a nap?
Thanatos: I think I'll do just that. Try to carry on in my absence.
Amane: Whoa! Kazuki!? Are you all right!?
Makina: Did Thanatos run outta battery or somethin'?
Amane: Well... she always could fall asleep anywhere the instant she decided to take a nap...
Amane: Let's just carry her to a bed, I guess. Makina, can you get her legs for me?
Makina: Mmmkay... Whoof...!
Makina: ...Huh? Thanatos ain't wearin' any panties, ya know?
Amane: Hey! Don't look up her skirt, you little perv!
Yumiko: .........
Yumiko: If I was a terrorist... and wanted to plant a bomb...?

Date: *August 6, 2012, 21:23 - Tartarus Isle*
Oslo: Honestly, could you be any more infuriating if you tried? No matter where I go, you call me up constantly to prattle on about this tedious nonsense.
Oslo: After such a remarkable series of consecutive failures on your part, I was starting to think I was overdue for some good news, so I managed to convince myself it might actually be worth picking up the telephone...
Oslo: But instead, all I'm hearing is... you've allowed Kazami Yuuji to escape?
Oslo: Ah... what is there to say at this point...? Is your whole organization, including you, composed entirely of imbeciles?
Oslo: Perhaps I'm the greatest imbecile of all, since I briefly allowed myself to expect anything better from you. Or maybe this is all an elaborate attempt to drive me to drink?
Adam: "We're dealing with a group of children. We'll find them soon enough... I guarantee it."
Oslo: That's awfully rich, coming from the very "grown-ups" who let those children slip right through their fingers.
Oslo: Well, so be it. I've already made my location public. Even if we leave him alone, Kazami Yuuji should pay me a visit soon enough.
Adam: "Either way, the Thanatos System is now in your hands. It's time for you to live up to your side of the bargain and deactivate your bombs."
Oslo: ...Pardon? The "bargain"...? What exactly are you referring to?
Oslo: To be sure, the Thanatos System is currently in a state of total physical isolation, and we've locked it down from the inside. One might say it's effectively "in our hands."
Oslo: But it's not as if you people handed it to us. We seized it from you by force.
Oslo: And now you want to pretend that was a deliberate concession on your part? To use our victory as your bargaining chip? That's beyond shameless, my friend. We have a term for people like you... and it's "con men."
Adam: "Let me put it this way. You've now gained control of the Thanatos System. What reason is there for you to leave the bombs you've planted within the city active?"
Adam: "You have the System, and Kazami Yuuji will be yours eventually. Once you've obtained both, you'll have fully accomplished your stated objectives..."
Oslo: You're getting a bit ahead of yourself there. We may have control of the Thanatos System, but the physical machine is still sitting in your basement, is it not?
Adam: "You've hermetically sealed the entire facility and saturated it with gas. It's not as if we can access the System. Given that we're physically cut off from it, for all intents and purposes it might as well be in outer space."
Adam: "It's the same with Kazami Yuuji. Now that you have the Thanatos System under your control, tracking him down and capturing him shouldn't prove particularly difficult."
Adam: "In that case, isn't threatening us with your bombs essentially meaningless?"
Oslo: Well, let's think through that assertion in a bit more detail. If I deactivate the bombs, what happens next?
Oslo: To be certain, backing off at this stage would allow me to avoid earning the enmity of Japan and America. But in the end, you'll still reassess me as a "prominent threat" going forward... that's going to be quite troublesome...
Oslo: By "compromising" with your country to a certain degree, I've been able to publicly present myself as an international arms dealer... But that arrangement is merely a facade, and we both know it.
Oslo: For one thing, I was very nearly assassinated by a certain opposition army in the Middle East not long ago. That plan was drawn up by your country, wasn't it?
Adam: "Don't ask me."
Oslo: I suppose you might point to that incident in South Africa, where Langley had the Marines to free me from captivity. But you people instigated the kidnapping so that you could take credit for the rescue, didn't you?
Adam: "Don't ask me!"
Oslo: You won't leave me in peace, but you've never seriously tried to crush me... In other words, you might decide to eliminate me at any moment, should the whim strike you.
Oslo: Given that our relationship is hardly cordial in the first place, retrieving the bombs offers very little benefit relative to the downside. As an arms dealer, I'd basically be shooting myself in the foot.
Oslo: Let's return to the original question. What if I allow the bombs to go off?
Oslo: Japan is the alarm system that protects the "northern entrance" to your nation. Should it malfunction in the face of a terrorist attack, a number of countries will benefit politically, and others will simply be overjoyed.
Oslo: People willing to spend money gobbling up all the land they can "buy" make for excellent clients... all the more so when they don't even realize that they're "villains." I could easily write this off as a customer service gesture.
Oslo: And above all else, I'm an arms dealer. Demonstrating a new weapon in such a dramatic fashion should help my business considerably.
Oslo: Why bother with amateurish missile tests or comical attempts at international provocation when you can simply purchase a new weapon of proven power, hmm?
Oslo: And as an additional bonus... if Japan allows a severe terrorist attack to be perpetrated within its borders, public opinion will swing heavily in favor of revising its national defense policies.
Oslo: In such an environment, many will advocate strengthening the nation's armaments... and as that process gets underway, the demand for new weaponry will increase. Who would end up profiting from that?
Oslo: Of course, Japan would be buying those weapons through their friends in America. What do you think of that, Adam-kun? Your daddy's wallet will only grow fatter in the end. Surely you're not dimwitted enough to interfere?
Adam: "...You're an evil bastard..."
Oslo: Ah, good and evil... Why don't you ask Uncle Sam which of those is more profitable?

Date: *August 6, 2012, 21:28 - Pacific Ocean - Open Sea*
Yuuji: "...Milliela, you're flying too low. The downwash is kicking up waves... Take her up a little, will you?"
Millie: "I don't know about that... Any higher than this, and they'll pick us up on anti-air radar..."
Yuuji: "Once we're within 200 kilometers, we'll show up on their anti-surface radar anyway. Just keep an eye out for any patrol planes... not that I expect there to be any."
Yuuji: "Oslo already knows I'm coming, remember? There isn't much point sneaking around now."
Millie: "Well... flying NOE is pretty exhausting, so I guess I'm not complaining... I was sweating bullets all the way from Okinawa, you know...?"
Yuuji: "What's our current altitude, by the way?"
Millie: "The altimeter's reading zero... but at a glance, I'd say between seven and fifteen meters. When you look down from the back seat at this height, it feels like your nose is about to plunge into the ocean. Pretty scary, honestly."
Millie: "I mean, if I moved the collective lever down a single centimeter, the blades really would be hitting the water in no time... and then we'd drop right into it..."
Yuuji: "Well, no need to push yourself."
Millie: "So, this Tartarus place... What kind of an island is it?"
Yuuji: "Like I said, it's not actually an island. It's a research and development facility that Oslo built... the headquarters of Tartarus Armaments Enterprises..."
Millie: "So it's more of an artificial island, then...?"
Yuuji: "Something like that, yeah. It started off as a perfectly ordinary freighter... but after Oslo began using it as a mobile base for his arms trafficking operation, they made all sorts of modifications."
Yuuji: "The thing kept getting bigger and bigger. Eventually, it turned into a makeshift platform that looks like two aircraft carriers sitting next to each other..."
Yuuji: "Now that the thing is that enormous, it isn't easy to move it. They've kept it anchored in place for the last few years... So people just started calling it an 'island,' basically."
Millie: "How are you going to infiltrate an 'island' like that? Do they have a heliport or something?"
Yuuji: "It's not the sort of place you can just fly into directly..."
Yuuji: "I mean, finding a place to land wouldn't even be the issue. This isn't exactly a rest stop on the highway we're talking about... I don't think they'd react too charitably if we showed up and asked to use their toilet, you know?"
Yuuji: "Technically, Tartarus is the property of a privately-held corporation... Aircraft from certain NGOs might land on it sometimes, but if we fly up in this chopper they'll instantly realize it belongs to the Marines."
Millie: "What's the plan, then...?"
Yuuji: "Well... I'll just have to swim, I guess..."
Millie: "You're going to swim!? Like, through the ocean!?"
Yuuji: "Before we get within six kilometers, where we'd be visible to the naked eye, I'll bail out of the helicopter and swim the rest of the way."
Yuuji: "Shouldn't be that much of a problem. I'm a former Marine, remember?"
Millie: "But... you don't have any frogman gear! Or any equipment at all, for that matter!"
Yuuji: "Yeah, well, this helicopter wasn't exactly designed as a transport... but there's probably a life jacket or two in here somewhere, right?"
Millie: "And a first-aid kit, I guess. Uh, there's also a lifeboat... emergency rations, a blanket, a portable desalinator... a pair of signal flares, one for daytime and one for nighttime... repair tools for the boat... and a radio." 
Yuuji: "You've got a knife and some chapstick, right? That's all I really need."
Millie: "All I've got is a folding pocket knife, you know? And the chapstick might keep your lips from cracking in the water, but it's not much of a weapon..."
Yuuji: "I've heard this stuff is edible in a pinch. You ever given it a try?"
Millie: "Jeanie!!"
Yuuji: "Yeah, I know. Don't worry, I'll figure out something... probably... haha..."
Millie: "...Jeanie...? Did you just laugh?"
Yuuji: "...Hm? Did I...?"
Millie: "Yeah, you did! I feel like all those drugs they gave you back at Ichigaya might not have worn off completely..."
Yuuji: "I think it's more that the boosters J gave me to counteract those drugs are starting to kick in... It almost feels like my body's on fire, honestly..."
Millie: "...That's not good, Jeanie... Is your vision all right...?"
Yuuji: "Don't worry... my eyes still work just fine. The moonlight's actually kind of dazzling..."
Millie: "...Uh, sounds like your pupils are dilated..."
Yuuji: "There's a lot of sharp objects in this cockpit, aren't there...? I keep worrying something's going to poke me in the eye... Mind if I put this away somewhere?"
Millie: "...Put what away?"
Yuuji: "There's a pen hanging from a cord next to your score book... keeps swaying back and forth every time you bank the chopper... It's really getting on my nerves..."
Millie: "You can rip it off if you want, but don't leave it lying around. It's distracting to have stuff rolling all over the cockpit every time I maneuver..."
Yuuji: "Haha... reminds me of that guy who had a pen cap fall into his canopy during a nose-dive in training. Got so distracted that he didn't pull up quickly enough. Nearly crashed into the ground... What an idiot, right...?"
Millie: "Jeanie... what's the matter with you...?"
Yuuji: "What, you don't remember this?"
Millie: "That's not what I meant... First you're laughing, then you get all cranky... and now you're all giggles again..."
Yuuji: "You worry too much. I guess my head feels a little heavy, but it's nothing I can't ignore. And my eyes are working fine... It's pretty out there tonight, isn't it? Lots of shooting stars..."
Millie: "...Shooting stars...?"
Captain J: ...Listen, Millie. Kazami's in a great deal of danger right now...
Captain J: First of all, the drugs he was administered at Ichigaya aren't out of his system yet. All I've done is give him enough boosters to overwhelm their effects, ensure he's relatively alert, and obstruct his ability to feel pain.
Captain J: If you notice anything strange about his behavior during the flight over, don't even think twice - turn the chopper right around.
Captain J: Kazami will probably insist that he's completely fine... but that just means he hasn't realized how abnormal his condition is.
Millie: But... you know how stubborn Jeanie can be... I don't think he'll agree to just give up and come back home...
Captain J: You're the one with your hands on the joystick. Take him back whether he likes it or not.
Captain J: If Kazami says anything about seeing "shooting stars," he's experiencing a serious visual impairment... It's a classic symptom of a condition called Stardust Syndrome.
Millie: ...Stardust Syndrome...?
Captain J: Dangerously elevated blood pressure causes capillaries all throughout the body to swell, and the pressure on the optic nerve produces visual anomalies. Eventually, you start seeing a non-existent "starry sky"...
Captain J: And if that lasts too long, your blood vessels will eventually begin to burst. Once that happens, death is practically inevitable.
Captain J: It seems that Kusakabe woman who trained Kazami also used the boosters for many years. She developed Stardust Syndrome after suffering a gunshot wound during a mission... and ultimately died staring at a sky full of "stars"...
Millie: Is this... a curable condition...?
Captain J: .........
Millie: ...Captain!!
Captain J: I can't give you a definite answer... but I've never heard of anyone fully recovering from it...
Millie: You can't... be serious...
Captain J: But as long as he doesn't push himself, he should be able to live a normal life... with a few lingering side effects.
Captain J: In any case, turn around immediately if Kazami starts acting strangely... Is that clear?
Millie: ...Okay...
Millie: "...Hey, Jeanie..."
Yuuji: "What's up?"
Millie: "The stars... really are pretty, aren't they...?"
Yuuji: "Yeah... no kidding..."
Yuuji: "At any given moment... there are conflicts raging all across the globe... some large, some small. After spending so much time in the middle of all that... I guess I sort of forgot how beautiful the world can be..."
Yuuji: "There's a lot of ugliness out there... so when you find something pure and good, it's always going to seem incredibly gorgeous... That's what my master used to say, at least..."
Asako: Look, Yuuji... the world's a pile of shit, and I'm not gonna pretend otherwise. At the end of the day, everyone's just looking out for themselves...
Asako: But every once in a while, you might get these little impulses... like a voice in the back of your head, tellin' you to help someone out for no reason at all...
Asako: You've only seen humanity at its absolute worst, so this might not make too much sense to you... but those weird little "impulses" are the glue that holds this whole mess of a world together...
Asako: I mean, I basically adopted you on a whim, you know...? And if the timing had been a little different, the two of us might never even have met...
Asako: Sometimes, you're gonna feel like the whole damn world's out to get you. Happens to everybody... but before you start sulking about it, try being nicer to the people around you...
Asako: I'm not trying to feed you any saccharine bullshit here, okay? It's just... when you really give that a try, sometimes you'll realize that the world's got its sweeter side too...
Asako: When you're stuck in a garbage dump like this one, anything that's pure and good is gonna shine like a diamond, you know...?
Asako: You just don't understand how kind this world can be, kid...
Asako: Still, there's no point rackin' your brains over it. Live your life any way you want, and try to do something nice for someone every once in a while... That's good enough, the way I see it...
Yuuji: "...Yeah... that's good enough for me..."
Millie: "Jeanie... what are you fighting for...?"
Yuuji: "Well, I'm not going to pretend I want to save the world or anything... Even if I don't intervene, Oslo's going to get dealt with by someone or other eventually..."
Millie: "Then why...?"
Yuuji: "I just don't want to make the life I've lived into a joke..."
Yuuji: "How pathetic would it be to run away now, after all the time I spent lecturing other people about facing up to their problems...? This is something I have to do for myself... a wall I need to climb..."
Yuuji: "It doesn't matter if it's the 'right' thing to do or not. I'm acting on impulse, basically. Hell, maybe I'm just taking out all my anger at the world on Oslo..."
Yuuji: "If you want to change something, you have to start by changing yourself... If I have to become a monster to destroy one, then that's what I'll do. Pretty simple, right...?"
Millie: "...Jeanie... I'm not that smart, so I... don't really know what to say right now... or what to do, either..."
Yuuji: "That's fine... I appreciate you bringing me all this way, Milliela. You've done more than enough... Thanks. Don't worry, I'll handle the rest..."
Millie: "But Jeanie...!"
Yuuji: "You heard what I said, Milliela... I have to climb this wall on my own. My bladder's not gonna get any emptier if you go to the bathroom for me, right? It's the same deal..."
Millie: "...Jeanie..."
Yuuji: "Once we're within three kilometers of the island, I'll bail out. You turn around and run away as fast as you can... all right?"
Millie: "...Fine... I won't try to talk you out of it... Hang in there, okay...?"
Narration: *"Hang in there" was just about the single most pointless thing you could say to a soldier on their way to a battlefield.*
Narration: *But if she'd advised him to turn back now, he would have replied "If I was going to give up that easily, I wouldn't be here in the first place."*
Narration: *He'd chosen to fight knowing full well that the odds were stacked against him. No matter how much it hurt, she couldn't allow herself to say the words on the tip of her tongue.*
Narration: *Tormented by her inability to offer Yuuji anything but meaningless platitudes, Milliela fell silent for a long moment.*
Millie: "...Good luck..."
Yuuji: "Thanks..."

Date: *August 6, 2012, 22:11 - "Akasaka"*
Man A: Oslo said he won't deactivate the bombs, correct!? Isn't that what we should be worried about right now!? This is no time to be pushing the blame around like a pack of children!
Man B: It's important that we determine who's responsible for this fiasco! We can't start moving our people around until we know where things went wrong!
Man C: It was too late for that from the moment they seized the initiative! There's no point holding back our resources at this stage!
Man B: That's the kind of remark I'd expect to hear from someone who's committed sufficient personnel himself! You were the one who stubbornly opposed any large-scale deployment! You've got some nerve complaining about "resources" now!
Man C: My teams are searching numerous sites for the bombs as we speak! And what exactly are you proposing? Do you want to turn Tokyo into a war zone!? If you set a fire in your neighbor's yard, it'll eventually spread to your house!
Man B: Is that supposed to be some kind of a threat!? What a joke!
Man A: Just calm down, both of you! We're checking up on the facilities identified as potential targets, correct!? How is that proceeding!?
Man C: Apart from every major power facility, we're calling foreign embassies, train stations, airports, universities, broadcast stations, and police offices. When they report anything remotely suspicious, we deploy agents to investigate!
Man B: Well!? Have you actually found the damn things!?
Man C: We have 26 agents to cover more than 600 facilities in the metropolitan area alone! As you might expect, they're finding many unrelated objects! We haven't discovered any bombs yet!
Man A: What the hell are you people doing!?
Man C: It's hardly fair to blame us, under these circumstances! Oslo's using the Thanatos System to conduct a demonstration of sorts. Our phone lines are so erratic that it's impossible to coordinate properly!
Man B: Hold on! I didn't hear anything about our communications being disrupted! When did this happen!?
Adam: It started at 19:28. The majority of the communication nodes under the Thanatos System's administration are now directly controlled by Oslo.
Man A: Why didn't you inform me of this!?
Adam: We did, sir. Please look at the papers in front of you... the report should be there.
Man A: Didn't I tell you to use a red cover for the critical documents!?
Adam: Of course. My apologies...
Man B: In any case, our communication lines haven't been completely disabled, correct!?
Adam: That's true. Oslo already seems to be putting the SIGINT system to work... He's only obstructing communications directly related to this incident.
Man A: Is there nothing we can do about that!? Even if we discover a bomb, we won't be able to dispatch personnel to the scene!
Adam: We're all out of bargaining chips at the moment. I-9029's location is still unclear.
Man C: Can't we find some way to secure 9029 before we deal with Oslo!?
Adam: He doesn't seem to have used any of the CIRS safe houses we're aware of. In addition, his "former" commanding officer has gone missing as well.
Man C: You mean Harudera-kun!? Where did she run off to!?
Adam: It seems that she made her escape in the confusion when that fire alarm went off in Ichigaya's basement. One of their surveillance cameras captured footage of her overpowering a fellow member of CIRS before absconding...
Adam: The individual she attacked was injured, but is now conscious and alert. She's testified that her service weapon and her car were both stolen. We're currently searching for the vehicle in question...
Man A: This "former" superior was a woman, correct!? If we follow her trail, she might lead us to 9029!
Adam: Given the state of our communications network and the complexity of the relevant information, the search isn't going too smoothly.
Adam: On the brighter side... an individual we invited here as an expert on 9029 has just arrived. May we show her into the room?
Man A: Who is this "expert" of yours?
Adam: Captain Agnes Garrett, who served as 9029's instructing officer during his time in the Marines.
Man A: Well, it can't hurt... Bring her in.
Adam: Right this way, Captain Garrett...
Captain Garrett: ...Honestly, why do you people always bring me in every time Kazami pulls some stupid stunt!? I'm a busy woman, you know!
Adam: Captain Garrett, you were once 9029's superior officer. Is it really so surprising that we'd call for you when your former subordinate starts causing trouble?
Captain Garrett: I was the boy's commander, sure, but that was back in his academy days. Once he went out into the field, he was under Captain Mikemeyer's command. Shouldn't you be talking to him instead? Where is Mikemeyer, anyway!?
Adam: Captain Justin Mikemeyer is currently on a leave of absence. After crossing from Thailand to Myanmar, he put out to sea, so we're having trouble contacting him.
Man A: ...Hmph... playing with yachts in his free time? The man must truly loathe life on the shore...
Captain Garrett: Well, whatever your reasons for calling me, I'm obliged to go wherever the people upstairs tell me... And if my former subordinate's causing you headaches, I suppose I can't exactly complain.
Captain Garrett: That said, I want you to understand that it's not reasonable to expect that much of me under these circumstances...
Adam: Not a problem. We aren't going to ask that much of you, either. Having someone who understands 9029 on a personal level present is meaningful in itself.
Captain Garrett: In other words, consulting with an "expert" now should help demonstrate that you "tried your best"?
Man A: You're a sharp one, I see.
Captain Garrett: Well, it's the same story everywhere I go these days... I've gotten used to it by now...
Date: *August 6, 2012, 22:23 - Pacific Ocean - Open Sea*
Yumiko: How is Thanatos doing?
Amane: Sleeping off her exhaustion, I guess. I tossed her in a bed for now, but I think she'll be awake in fifteen minutes or so.
Yumiko: ...Fifteen minutes? Do you mean hours...?
Amane: Well, I guess it's past ten, which is when Kazuki used to turn in for the night... but she tends to take a lot of short little power naps, you know?
Yumiko: ...In any case, we already know what we're doing next, so it's not much of a problem if she stays asleep.
Amane: What we're doing next...? You mean cutting that undersea cable and finding the bombs?
Yumiko: Yes. The cable's probably the bigger challenge of the two, since it involves risky physical labor.
Yumiko: As long as we keep the submarine underwater, it won't be easy for anyone to discover us before we arrive at the hydroelectric cable... But once we reach our destination, we'll have to surface in order to perform the actual work.
Amane: You think anyone's gonna try to stop us?
Yumiko: It's a possibility. Apart from Oslo, numerous powerful organizations would be inconvenienced by the System's destruction... And if Kazami-kun's company has the same idea we did, they might come to cut the cable themselves.
Amane: Better to smash it yourself than let an enemy steal it away, huh?
Yumiko: That would be part of it. But the Thanatos project was also operating under the table, without a formal budget from the MET... so it seems plausible that they'd prefer to "erase" the System before its existence can be made public.
Yumiko: But that said... given that the System will be rendered permanently inoperable when it loses power, I don't think they'll be that eager to make the call. For one thing, it might be wiser to use it as a bargaining chip with Oslo.
Amane: Oh, like... if you don't deactivate your bombs, we'll cut the power to the Thanatos System?
Yumiko: That's right.
Amane: In that case, maybe we shouldn't do anything at all...?
Yumiko: Both Oslo and Kazami-kun's company are in a delicate position... Taking action now would have certain benefits, but come with considerable costs as well.
Yumiko: At first glance, it wouldn't cost Oslo's group anything to deactivate their bombs... But they'd be forced to accept nothing more than 20% of the Thanatos System's full power, after all the trouble they went through to obtain it.
Yumiko: Kazami-kun's company, of course, can't exactly back down in the face of a terrorist threat on Japanese soil... And destroying the System they worked so hard to create would be a bitterly difficult decision to make.
Amane: Hmm... so basically, they're rushing into a hairpin corner side by side? But Oslo's got the inside corner, so he's got a slight edge.
Yumiko: I'm not sure I entirely understand the metaphor... but in most cases like this, the side playing "defense" is at a disadvantage.
Amane: And that's why we're going to cut it ourselves, huh...?
Yumiko: Severing the undersea cable will almost certainly put an end to the current stalemate, yes. While the two of them glower across the table, daring each other to make the first move, we'll swoop in and overturn the board.
Amane: Ah, sure... Don't think I really understand completely, but... sure...
Yumiko: I know I made it all sound rather simple, but there's quite a number of problems to deal with, you know?
Yumiko: First of all, there's the previously-mentioned possibility we'll be rudely interrupted. And secondly... there's the fact that the person in charge of actually cutting the line will be Matsushima Michiru.
Amane: Well, we're gonna have Sacchan operating the crane... That part's really riding on her, right?
Yumiko: To be perfectly honest, there's so many details to worry about right now that I feel like my head just might explode...
Amane: You probably haven't had enough sugar lately. I brought some dorayaki along with me... How about we take a break for tea?
Yumiko: ...Yes, it might be wise to take a breather. Thank you...
Thanatos: Ah, dorayaki? That does sounds nice. Mind inviting me as well?
Amane: Kazuki!?
Yumiko: Are you already feeling better?
Thanatos: Yes, I've gotten the sleep I needed.
Thanatos: And to be honest, this cable in my back makes it a bit awkward to sleep on a normal bed...
Amane: Y-You're hungry, though!? Why don't I make you a real meal!?
Thanatos: Don't bother. I was joking about the dorayaki, too. I can't eat any solid food for some time.
Amane: "Some time"...? How long is that?
Thanatos: Two weeks or so, I suppose? I'll be subsisting off IV nutrients for a while, then slowly transition over to liquid food... It's going to be a good month or so before I can eat a normal meal, I think.
Amane: ...That stinks... I used to dream about filling you up with my cooking if I ever saw you again...
Thanatos: Well, I appreciate the sentiment. Thank you, Amane...
Thanatos: In any case, I can certainly handle some hot water. Would you bring me some?
Amane: Yeah! Sure thing!
Thanatos: While you're at it, could you get me some of those fizzy pain reliever tablets from Captain J? I'd prefer the lemon-lime flavor, if possible.
Amane: Uh, okay... Are you in pain...?
Thanatos: My muscles are all aching terribly. Also, my joints are rather sore as well.
Amane: ...Shouldn't you still be in bed, then...?
Thanatos: I'll be all right. Sakaki-san and I have something to discuss, don't we?
Yumiko: Ah... yes, I suppose we do.
Amane: Okay... if you say so...
Thanatos: Oh, don't actually put the tablets in the water, all right? I want to drop them in and watch them fizzle myself.
Amane: Sure, sure.
Thanatos: Well then, let's get down to business... Have you reached a conclusion as to the locations of Oslo's bombs, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: ...There's a lot to consider. Monetary damages... popular sentiment... time commitment... difficulty... upfront costs... consequences... temporary losses... and potential profits ten years down the line...
Yumiko: After looking at all of these various factors, I'm beginning to think that Oslo might be setting his own house on fire...
Thanatos: Ah, I was hoping you might make it that far.
Yumiko: ...I assume that means you knew the answer all along?
Thanatos: I did reach a fairly similar conclusion, but there's no guarantee it's the one and only "answer"... And I wanted to see what you came up with on your own, instead of influencing you with my opinions.
Thanatos: It's something like comparing our answers to a given homework problem, you know?
Thanatos: Let's say you find yourself lost in the city. One of your friends thinks you should take a certain road, but two others think you should follow a different one... If you're not sure which is correct, whose advice would you follow?
Yumiko: Well... I'd go with the majority opinion, I suppose...
Thanatos: This is quite similar. Now that I'm all by myself, cut off from the Thanatos System, I consider "second opinions" to be of great value. Do you understand?
Yumiko: I don't particularly appreciate the condescending attitude, but I suppose so...
Thanatos: Hrm... since I seem to have caused some offense, let me try rephrasing that. "I sincerely value your input."
Yumiko: It's fine. I'm not all that upset.
Thanatos: In that case, would you care to state your conclusions?
Yumiko: ...I arrived at two likely locations. First, there's the Apollon Medical plant in Suginami Ward. It's ostensibly operated by a foreign pharmaceutical firm... but based on the public stock record, that company is Oslo's property.
Yumiko: Setting off a bomb there would have only limited benefits, but the costs would also be less severe.
Thanatos: Hm, I see. And what's the second candidate?
Yumiko: A research laboratory located in Shinjuku belonging to the same company, where they experiment with new "products"...
Yumiko: Official records state that the facility conducts research on pesticides and agricultural chemicals, but in reality they're developing biochemical weapons under Oslo's supervision.
Thanatos: Yes, that's the one. It caught my eye as well. Before anything else, we should inform Ichigaya of its existence.
Yumiko: How are we going to do that...?
Thanatos: Unless I'm very much mistaken, a certain individual is currently sitting in the Ichigaya-Akasaka joint conference room, serving as an "analyst" of Kazami Yuuji's behavior. I'll just place a phone call to the person in question.
Yumiko: But... won't Oslo be monitoring our phone calls through SIGINT by now...?
Thanatos: We do have one line that's not under anyone's surveillance. Jimmy, can you hear us?
Jimmy: "Loud and clear, Thanatos."
Thanatos: Would you mind connecting this line to the Grand Conference Room in Akasaka for me?
Jimmy: "Sure, but the connection won't last long. I can't hide it from the Thanatos System for any more than ten minutes."
Thanatos: This won't be a lengthy discussion. Go right ahead, please.
Jimmy: "Roger."
Narration: *August 6, 21:46 - "Akasaka"*
Man A: What's this!? We're in the middle of a conference! Didn't we tell them not to put any calls through!?
Adam: It might be an urgent message of some sort.
Man A: Then answer the damn thing already!
Adam: Grand Conference Room here. I believe we told you not to put any...
Thanatos: "Good evening, Adam Black. Or would you prefer I call you Kevin Feury...?"
Adam: Who the hell is this!? Why do you know my name!?
Thanatos: "Ah, why indeed? Let's just say... Thanatos has her ways."
Adam: ...Wait... Thanatos...?
Thanatos: "Tell me, why haven't you informed anyone that I was detached from the system?"
Adam: Are you saying...
Thanatos: "I am indeed. You're speaking to the original core herself."
Thanatos: "You were hoping to have Zoe Graham secretly smuggle me back to your country, correct? I regret to inform you that she made a deal with me instead."
Adam: ...Kuh...!
Thanatos: "Never trust women. Never trust spies. And whatever you do, never trust a female spy. You men really are imbeciles, aren't you?"
Thanatos: "I've got quite a litany of complaints I'd like to make, but there's no time for that now. I'm going to give you one final chance. May I have your cooperation?"
Adam: ...I can't give you an immediate response!
Thanatos: "You still don't understand the situation you're in, do you? So be it. I have nothing more to say to you. Please pass the phone to Captain Agnes Garrett."
Adam: ...Wait!
Thanatos: "As I've already said, we don't have much time. Unless you want to end up pleading your innocence in court, pass her the phone immediately. That isn't an order, but it is a threat."
Adam: Captain Garrett! The phone's for you!
Captain Garrett: ...What? Really? Who is it?
Adam: ...You'll find out when you answer!
Man A: What's going on here!?
Adam: I'm not authorized to disclose anything regarding this matter!
Man B: How very convenient for you! Look, we're in the middle of a conference, all right? Make it quick!
Captain Garrett: ...Garrett here!
Thanatos: "Good evening, Captain. Let's skip the pleasantries, shall we? I've got some information that I think you'll find quite valuable."
Captain Garrett: What? Who the hell are you, anyway!?
Thanatos: "I'd like to offer you my opinion on the location of Oslo's bombs. Are you interested?"
Captain Garrett: I asked you a question! Who are you!?
Thanatos: "Good grief, you're stubborn... This is your final chance, all right? Are you going to listen to what I have to say or not? Make your choice."
Captain Garrett: ...Tch... What the hell is wrong with this woman...?
Adam: Hold on... what are they saying to you?
Captain Garrett: Something about the location of Oslo's bombs...
Adam: Get the details! Get the details out of her, no matter what it takes!!
Captain Garrett: Hmph... fine, I'll hear you out. Go ahead...
Thanatos: "I believe that Oslo's first bomb was planted at the Apollon Medical research and development facility in Shinjuku Ward."
Captain Garrett: Are you certain about this?
Thanatos: "I have grounds to believe it's true, but no definite proof. You'll have to go and see for yourself."
Captain Garrett: We can't send our people out into the field on the basis of some half-baked theory!
Thanatos: "Do as you please, then. It's no skin off my nose. I'll make sure to whisper 'told you so' with a little smile on my face as I leave your country behind."
Captain Garrett: Are you trying to get on my nerves, woman!?
Adam: Don't provoke her! Did she give you a location!?
Captain Garrett: She mentioned a research facility in Shinjuku belonging to some "Apollon Medical" company...
Adam: We need to send in a squad immediately!
Man C: What's going on here!? You can't make a decision like that without consulting us!!
Adam: There's no time, sir! If we act now, there's still a chance we can get the upper hand on Oslo!
Thanatos: "Slow down just a minute. There's probably a second bomb as well, and it's the more important of the two. You'll want to look in Sumida Ward..."
Yumiko: ...Wait a second. The Apollon Medical manufacturing plant is in Suginami Ward, remember?
Thanatos: Yes, I'm well aware of that. But I don't believe there's a bomb there.
Yumiko: ...Why not?
Thanatos: Well, it's a place that would be searched the instant someone finds the first bomb. Would you plant your second bomb in a location like that?
Yumiko: I... suppose you have a point, but...
Thanatos: Destroying the chemical weapons laboratory would be more than sufficient to generate a financial "loss," don't you think? The other bomb is probably going to serve a different purpose. That's certainly how I would use it, at least.
Yumiko: A different purpose...?
Thanatos: Let's say you wanted to send a message to society... to shock the masses out of their complacency. You'd probably choose a more striking, dramatic target, don't you think?
Yumiko: A dramatic target... in Sumida Ward...?
Thanatos: Let me give you a hint, then. When it comes to bombs with this level of power... to maximize their radius of destruction, you're better off detonating them about 600 meters above the ground, rather than on the surface itself.
Thanatos: That often means dropping them from a helicopter or an airplane, but Oslo can't very well keep an aircraft circling around during the negotiations, and there'd be too much risk involved...
Thanatos: What's the next-best choice? Perhaps we could plant the bomb on a tall structure? Now then... are there any famous buildings in Tokyo about 600 meters in height, that anyone can enter after a perfunctory search of their bags?
Yumiko: ...Wait, do you mean...!?
Captain Garrett: "...Hey! What are you people talking about!?"
Thanatos: Oh, how rude of me. I completely forgot I was in the middle of a phone call.
Thanatos: Sakaki-san, how much longer will this connection last?
Yumiko: ...Uhm, another two minutes or so...
Thanatos: "I see. Then let's just tell them what they need to know and leave it at that."
Captain Garrett: What's going on over there!? Will you get to the point!?
Thanatos: "Okay, listen closely. Oslo's other bomb was planted in the Skytree."
Captain Garrett: Wait, what!?
Thanatos: "That's all I have to say on the matter. Whether you believe me or not is entirely up to you. Goodbye now."
Captain Garrett: Ah! Hey! Wait! God damn it all...!!
Man A: She hung up!? Can we trace the call!?
Adam: That isn't going to be possible... Oslo currently controls the communication network. And what's more, the call itself came from an internal phone line... They must have hacked into one of our local terminals somehow...
Man B: What is wrong with this country's security systems!?
Adam: We'll worry about that later. Did she tell you where the other bomb's located?
Captain Garrett: ...It's in the "Skytree," apparently...
Adam: All right! Let's call in our disposal teams and deliver their orders in person!
Man C: Are you really suggesting we act on the basis of a single bizarre phone call!?
Adam: With all due respect, it's better than sitting around warming these chairs with our asses!

Date: *August 6, 2012, 23:19 - Tartarus Island*
Narration: *―Sometimes, I find myself wondering what differentiates a "soldier" from a civilian.*
Narration: *In the face of a challenge that seems insurmountable, most people would throw in the towel. But soldiers simply don't have that option. *
Narration: *When fate deals you a bad hand, and your body's pushed past the limits of its endurance, all you can really rely on is your own willpower.*
Narration: *It was probably ridiculous to be thinking about this right now... But I'd adjusted to the tension that came with infiltrating enemy territory, and there wasn't much to do except swim. My mind was looking for ways to occupy itself.*
Narration: *I'd advanced three kilometers from the spot where I'd dropped into the jet-black sea and watched Milliela reluctantly turn her helicopter around. All I could do was swim steadily on toward the distant lights of Tartarus.*
Narration: *The darkness was so profound that it was difficult to get a sense of my own position; at times, I wondered if I was even making any progress at all.*
Narration: *Had I really drawn any closer to my objective?*
Narration: *Could the currents be pushing me backward, further and further away from it?*
Narration: *At times like these, experience makes all the difference in the world.*
Narration: *I'd been through similar ordeals in my years with the Marines.*
Narration: *Thanks to those experiences, I'd known to leave behind absolutely anything that would weigh me down.*
Narration: *When you're swimming a long distance, a handgun eventually starts to feel like an intolerable ballast, and even a single knife slows you down. You'll just end up abandoning everything you brought with you in the sea.*
Narration: *By now, I'd even discarded the life jacket I was wearing when I leapt into the water.*
Narration: *Apart from increasing my drag in the water, it had been rubbing against my ears every time I rotated my arms.*
Narration: *That constant friction had chafed my skin, which made contact with the salt water increasingly painful.*
Narration: *I'd been wearing a "rash guard" underneath, but it obviously didn't protect my ears. I ended up tossing the whole vest within ten minutes of starting to swim.*
Narration: *My throat was burning from thirst after a while. But of course, I couldn't drink the seawater around me.*
Narration: *In time, a dull sense of fatigue spread into the center of my brain, and I began to regret tossing away the life jacket so hastily.*
Narration: *But when the goal that had seemed impossibly distant came into view, all I could think about was reaching it. As my hand finally touched Tartarus' outer wall, my heart was beating so fast that I feared it might explode.*
Narration: *"What the hell.. am I getting so worked up about...?"*
Narration: *"...I've got... something I need to do, that's all..."*
Narration: *"Do I have to kill more people...?"*
Narration: *"Well, it's not like I came here to talk things over..."*
Narration: *"If these people could be reasoned with... it wouldn't have come to this in the first place."*
Narration: *      "Guess I don't have much choice, then..."*
Narration: *"...Look at this idiot... smoking a cigarette when he's supposed to be on guard duty..."*
Narration: *"Talk about nonchalant..."*
Narration: *"Bet he's never even thought about whether he's working for the bad guys here..."*
Narration: *"He never takes a look around him and feels ashamed of himself... His own problems are all he cares about, so he just keeps doing what he's doing..."*
Narration: *"Never spares a thought for the people who suffer as a result... A whole country could collapse because of him, and he wouldn't lose any sleep..."*
Narration: *"He barely even thinks about his own actions, let alone the pain they cause others... That's why he can stand there so casually..."*
Narration: *"The only thing he's any good at is making up excuses for himself... He's beyond worthless, honestly..."*
Narration: *"And of course, I'm exactly the same way..."*
Narration: *"We're the same kind of people... standing in the same arena... and that's what gives me the right to do this..."*
Narration: *"I'll stop you..."*
Narration: *"...I'll kill you..."*
Narration: *"I don't know what's right, or even what's wrong..."*
Narration: *"But I do know... I have to stop you, Oslo-san..."*
Guard: ...Guh...!?
Yuuji: ...I've returned as well, Heath Oslo...
Guard: ...Guhah...!!
Narration: *Once you've done something often enough that it becomes second nature to you, your body never really forgets the motions.*
Narration: *It had been quite a few years, but I still knew how to strangle a man to death.*
Narration: *In the heat of that moment, a congealed lump of emotion hidden somewhere in the recesses of my mind finally melted... and spread through my veins like magma.*
Radio: "...E62, anything out of the ordinary?"
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *After stealing the man's rifle and pistol, I'd paused to grab his knife and boots as well when a call came over his radio.*
Narration: *It was probably a regularly scheduled check-in. Unless the guard responded immediately, the man covering the adjoining area would come over to investigate.*
Narration: *I wasn't planning on hanging around, of course. Ignoring it might have been an option...*
Narration: *But without giving the matter too much thought, I reached out for the microphone attached by a velcro strap to the man's vest, and pressed the "PTT" button on his radio.*
Yuuji: E62 here. Nothing to report.
Radio: "...Who are you supposed to be?"
Narration: *Of course, it wasn't going to be that easy. My voice probably didn't sound anything like his.*
Narration: *But since I'd provided a response, they'd have to double-check their deployment table and make sure they hadn't contacted the wrong person by mistake. That'd buy me enough time for me to do up the laces of my new boots, at least.*
Yuuji: ...All right, then...
Yuuji: Guess it's time to get started...
Travis: ...We've lost contact with deck E62, the cargo unloading platform... Seems like we have intruders.
Oslo: Hmmm. How many?
Travis: We're going to head over there now and find out.
Oslo: Well, it's almost certainly Yuuji. We had that helicopter coming in low a little while ago, right? I imagine he jumped out of it.
Travis: I brought additional men on board as a precautionary measure. We'll capture him soon enough.
Oslo: I hope you're right, but it's easier said than done.
Oslo: It would certainly be preferable to secure him alive... but in the worst-case scenario, I suppose we can extract genetic information from a corpse...
Travis: Understood, sir. We'll bring him to you alive.
Oslo: Well, I do hope you're able to. For the time being, let's move all of our technicians and non-combat personnel to the right side of Tartarus... Try to confine the battle to the left ship, all right?
Travis: Organizing an evacuation might leave our defenses a bit thin on the left...
Oslo: It doesn't matter. There's only one "intruder," after all. And he won't be getting any reinforcements.
Travis: Are you sure of that...?
Oslo: Absolutely. Yuuji always works alone.
Travis: ...In that case, I'll be heading to the scene myself.
Oslo: You brought your gun with you?
Travis: Yes.
Oslo: I know it's a keepsake of your dearly departed brother... but it's a bit clunky, isn't it?
Travis: It's something of a good-luck charm. And I do like the way it punches right through bulletproof vests.
Oslo: ...Very well then. I'll leave this matter in your hands. I don't want anyone kicking up too much of a fuss inside my house, so try to subdue him as quickly as possible.
Travis: Of course, sir...
Oslo: .........
Oslo: ...Well, I won't deny that it's a powerful gun. And your big brother did use it to stop the previous 9029 dead in her tracks...
Oslo: Still, you really shouldn't put too much faith in its capabilities, Travis.
Oslo: Your brother may have wounded 9029 with that weapon... But in exchange, she cut him down with her sword. I do hope you haven't forgotten that...
Travis: ...Travis here. What's our status?
Radio: "We've located a single intruder! Currently pursuing him through passage B18 toward A Block!"
Travis: It's just one man! You idiots still haven't captured him yet!?
Radio: "...Gwaaah!"
Travis: What's the matter!?! Report!!
Radio: "...All eight of our reinforcements are dead! We need additional backup immediately...!"
Travis: What are you people doing!? He's a human being, not a monster! Finish him off already!
Radio: "...Ah...!!"
Travis: Hey! What's the matter!? What happened!? Answer me, damn it!!
Travis: ...Jesus Christ... how many men has he killed...? It's just... a single kid, right...?
Mercenary A: ...Guh... gaaaaah! You... fucking monster!!!
Yuuji: ...Haha!
Narration: *Did he really think this made me a "monster"? What a laugh.*
Narration: *Take a trip to a real war zone, and you'll find equally fearsome creatures lurking around every other corner.*
Narration: *Handling numerous enemies on your own is par for the course.*
Narration: *Killing someone every time you draw breath is par for the course.*
Narration: *Finding your next target as you're killing the previous one is par for the course. *
Narration: *Don't breathe a sigh of relief after you kill an enemy, or you'll be the next to die.*
Narration: *You always keep moving. You kill them the instant you see them. If you stand still or stop looking ahead, you're as good as dead.*
Narration: *When your sweat gets in your eyes, or the blood loss makes you light-headed, you might lose sight of the enemy for a moment.*
Narration: *But on the battlefield, you have to be able to cut them down even if you can't see them.*
Narration: *Even elementary school kids understand that fighting alone against multiple opponents is always going to be an uphill struggle.*
Narration: *But that just means you need to find ways to use the confidence of your enemies against them.*
Narration: *And as they look from left to right, frantically searching for you...*
Narration: *Sometimes, you pretend they've hit you, or even play dead.*
Narration: *Once the enemy starts to let down their guard, their thoughts will be plastered all over their faces.*
Narration: *Usually, it's something like... "The bastard's injured! Time to finish him off!"*
Narration: *When someone runs toward you smirking like an idiot, it's your chance to strike.*
Narration: *The first one to charge forward is usually the squad's "boss" - some macho idiot eager to demonstrate his strength to the others.*
Narration: *Once you've identified that guy, make sure to kill him first.*
Narration: *Seeing the single strongest person in the group go down is enough to break a team psychologically.*
Narration: *"How am I supposed to beat someone he couldn't?" For a moment, that thought makes even well-trained men falter.*
Narration: *After that, you pick them off one by one.*
Narration: *And if things start getting dicey again, you just play dead.*
Narration: *Rinse and repeat.*
Narration: *Stab an enemy with a knife. Use their body as a shield while you fire your rifle. Once you're out of bullets, cave in someone's skull with it.*
Narration: *Hide in the shadows. Hold out your handgun and fire blindly down the hallway. When you're out of bullets, toss it aside.*
Narration: *The enemy will charge forward, confident that you're helpless. But once they arrive, you're nowhere to be found.*
Narration: *And as they look from left to right, frantically searching for you... You drop down from the ceiling like a lizard, knock one of them to the ground, and slit their throat with your knife.*
Narration: *Their partner may fire their rifle wildly in your general direction, but as long as you move low to the ground, they aren't going to hit you.*
Narration: *It's the same as the "slide dash" I taught Makina once. Unless they've broken the natural human habit of looking at your face to judge your distance from them, it's always going to throw their aim off.*
Narration: *Once you're looking up at the enemy from point-blank range, close enough to see their throat tremble in terror, you swing your knife quickly and cut at their legs.*
Narration: *There's no need to stab too deeply.*
Narration: *Just move your wrist back and forth repeatedly, landing shallow slashes in quick succession.*
Mercenary B: ...Geh...!!
Narration: *None of these are going to be fatal wounds, but the constant infliction of pain will encourage their body to shed blood more quickly.*
Narration: *Sooner or later, the enemy will reflexively try to press down on their seeping wounds... And that's when you swing your knife up from the side to stab them in the throat.*
Mercenary B: ...Kahah...!
Narration: *This should instantly render them unable to breathe. Twist the blade slightly, and blood will come burbling out of their trachea.*
Narration: *Pretty nightmarish stuff, honestly.*
Narration: *All the more so for the man you've just slowly and painfully murdered with nothing more than a knife.*
Yuuji: ...That's ten...
Narration: *As the mercenary's lifeless body slumped forward against me, I retrieved a fresh knife and handgun from his waist.*
Narration: *This all struck me as a bit ironic, in a way.*
Narration: *After all, it was Oslo himself who'd taught me how to use a knife.*
Oslo: "Listen, Yuuji... guns are nothing to be afraid of. At the end of the day, they only fire in straight lines. What's so scary about a boxer who can't even throw a hook?"
Oslo: "People who rely on guns are just 'hard punchers' with no other means of attack. All you have to do is make sure they don't land a hit."
Oslo: "Now, the knife is a different matter entirely. You can throw straights, hooks, and uppercuts... Anything's possible, as long as you have the skill to pull it off."
Oslo: "Of course, cutting someone with a blade won't always be fatal. But in close-range combat, that's not important."
Oslo: "Stay low and go for the legs. A soldier lives and dies by his legs... Injuring them will always upset your opponent. And once their rage makes them careless, you can kill them quite easily."
Oslo: "A knife never runs out of ammunition. In the hands of a true master, it's a weapon of incomparable power... but it does have one critical weakness. Do you know what that is?"
Yuuji: "...Its range..."
Oslo: "Precisely. You can find ways to fight from a distance of ten or even twenty meters, but at a hundred or two hundred meters there isn't much to be done. A sniper is the natural enemy of a man with a knife."
Oslo: "Ah, that gives me an idea... Why don't you master both sniping and knife combat, Yuuji?"
Oslo: "That way, you'll understand exactly what your enemies don't want to happen, no matter what weapon you're wielding..."
Oslo: "And that will bring you one step closer to becoming an ideal killing machine."
Yuuji: "...An ideal killing machine...?"
Narration: *As the memory made its way through my clouded mind, I realized how well those words described me as I currently was, and found myself heaving a heavy sigh.*
Mercenary C: Here he is! This way!
Narration: *My head was aching.*
Narration: *Those drugs that Captain J had administered to me were probably starting to wear off...*
Narration: *And the dull, insistent pain was making me increasingly irritable.*
Narration: *Just thinking about that pack of idiots rushing at me with their pathetic toy weapons made me nauseous with disgust and anger.*
Narration: *I wasn't in the mood to sympathize with them, or to think too hard about anything.*
Narration: *If they didn't want to die, they shouldn't be carrying weapons. They shouldn't come anywhere near me with those things in their hands.*
Narration: *Oslo could throw as many pathetic amateurs as he wanted at me.*
Narration: *I'd kill them all.*
Narration: *I'd slaughter them to the last man.*
Narration: *Every time I brought one down, the throbbing pain in my head faded for a moment.*
Narration: *Maybe I really was a "machine." It all came easily enough.*
Yuuji: ...Haha...
Narration: *I was laughing.*
Narration: *I couldn't help myself. This was just too much fun.*
Narration: *Back when I was a kid, I'd always had to chase my targets down by myself before I killed them.*
Narration: *But this time, my prey was actually coming to me of their own free will. It couldn't have been any simpler.*
Narration: *My enemies swarmed around me in ever-increasing numbers.*
Narration: *And I cut them down, one after another, however I pleased.*
Narration: *When they were outside the reach of a knife, I shot them at point-blank range with a pistol.*
Narration: *As they screamed and died, I pushed steadily on.*
Narration: *I powered through their squads like a typhoon, leaving spurts of blood in my wake.*
Narration: *I'd attended an ordinary school. I'd gotten my taste of an ordinary youth. I'd started to think that an ordinary life wasn't so bad, in a lot of respects.*
Narration: *But I'd never been able to forgive my father, or to regret the fact that I'd murdered him.*
Narration: *At the end of the day, I'd never really learned to like people... myself included.*
Narration: *200 meters before he even reached the hallway, Travis knew that something was terribly wrong.*
Narration: *A fierce firefight had raged along this narrow corridor, leaving all of the lights in the ceiling shattered. And the air was thick with smoke and the pungent smell of gunpowder.*
Narration: *The dark fluid covering most of the floor was probably blood; the stench was so strong that he nearly gagged. And at the far end of the passage, an area shrouded in darkness, he could sense the presence of something monstrous.*
Narration: *"What the hell... happened here...?"*
Narration: *After receiving a report from his men over the radio, he'd sent in reinforcements and then made his way over himself. Only a few minutes had passed. How could all this have happened so quickly?*
Narration: *Travis peered down the gloomy corridor, hands trembling against his gun. The hairs on the back of his neck were standing up on end.*
Narration: *This didn't make any sense.*
Narration: *Ice-cold terror crawled slowly up his legs and spread inexorably throughout his body.*
Narration: *There wasn't a single survivor left in this hallway, was there?*
Narration: *If anything was moving in those shadows, it had to be the grim reaper himself.*
Travis: ...Damn it...
Narration: *He needed to call for backup. Now.*
Narration: *Before anything else, they had to repair the lighting somehow. *
Narration: *After that, they'd need to clean up all the corpses cluttering this corridor... and hopefully locate Kazami Yuuji among them.*
Narration: *Clicking his tongue in frustration, Travis tried to lift up his radio... but his left hand knocked against something, and the transceiver fell to the ground.*
Travis: ...Whoops...
Narration: *He had no idea what he'd just bumped against. It didn't really matter, though.*
Narration: *Bending down, he tried to pick up the radio, but found that he couldn't grasp it properly.*
Travis: ...Huh...?
Narration: *There was something strange going on with his left hand. He reached out to grasp its wrist with his right hand... and found himself touching a strange and rubbery "object," covered in a warm, sticky fluid.*
Travis: ...Oh god... you're kidding, right...?
Narration: *Before he could feel pain or shock, Travis was paralyzed by sheer terror.*
Narration: *His breath caught in his throat; he'd forgotten even how to scream. And a moment later, he heard a voice behind him.*
Yuuji: ...Drop the gun...
Travis: ...!!!
Narration: *Spinning around frantically, Travis aimed his pistol at the voice and pulled the trigger.*
Narration: *But the bullet seemed to cut through empty air. It felt like he'd taken a shot at a ghost.*
Travis: Uwooooh!! God damn iiit!!! 
Narration: *By now, his voice was a hysterical shriek.*
Narration: *Still unable to even see the enemy, he pointed the pistol blindly into the darkness and pulled the trigger again and again.*
Narration: *With every shot, the absurdly large-caliber revolver jumped up like a raging bull, nearly jerking out of his hand entirely.*
Narration: *Only five of its oversized bullets could fit in the cylinder.*
Narration: *Once you fired all of them, you had to use both hands to swing out the double-lock cylinder and push more bullets into it... But right now, Travis only had one hand to work with.*
Narration: *With only one bullet remaining in the cylinder, he hesitated with his finger on the trigger. And a split-second later, he heard a peculiar sound.*
Narration: *By the time he realized it was the sound of a blade slicing through the air, his right hand was severed at the wrist, and his gun clattered loudly to the floor.*
Travis: Aaaaaaaaaaah! AaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!
Narration: *The terror was overwhelming. And as Travis screamed wildly, overcome by fear and despair, Kazami Yuuji appeared before him - drenched in the blood of other men, his eyes glittering in the darkness.*
Travis: ...Eegh!
Narration: *This was the gaze of a large predator studying a defenseless piece of prey. Once again, Travis' breath caught in his throat. *
Yuuji: ...I told you to drop it, didn't I? If you're going to blubber like a baby about it, don't carry that toy around in the first place...
Narration: *The quiet words resonated throughout Travis' trembling body. But before he could respond, a sharp "snick" followed, and everything went dark.*
Narration: *By the time he realized he'd been stabbed in the neck, his life was already over.*
Narration: *―Had it really been necessary to kill this man?*
Narration: *The question did occur to me, but I didn't feel any real guilt.*
Narration: *If Oslo had come to face me himself, his men wouldn't have needed to die.*
Narration: *...Right. And there wouldn't be any need for war if the leaders of nations could just slug it out to settle their differences.*
Narration: *War is nothing but unnecessary death on a massive scale. For some reason, that thought made the act of murder feel inconsequential... even meaningless.*
Narration: *My own cold-bloodedness disturbed me a little.*
Narration: *Fighting back a powerful wave of fatigue, I turned my gaze downward. A new puddle of blood was spreading across the floor; Travis' radio lay in the middle of it, still clutched in his severed hand.*
Oslo: "...Travis, what's wrong? Respond."
Narration: *At the sound of a familiar voice, I bent down and picked up the machine.*
Yuuji: ...I'll be with you shortly. Sit tight...
Narration: *With that brief reply, I hurled the radio to the ground and crushed it under my foot.*
Oslo: ...Heavens. There wasn't any need to destroy the radio, now was there? I just wanted to let you know that I'll be waiting...
Oslo: ...Perhaps I should have taught the boy some manners, not just methods of murder...?
“Yuuji”: ...Isn't it about time for me to go?
Oslo: Hmmm, I suppose... we don't want too many of our men getting slaughtered, do we...? Go get him...
“Yuuji”: ...Understood... I'll be back soon enough...

Date: *August 6, 2012, 23:30 - Pacific Ocean - Open Sea*
Sachi: ...All right! All right! Okay, you're good!
Michiru: "Hold on a second!! Are you sure I'll be okay in this thing!?"
Sachi: Theoretically, it can withstand the water pressure at depths up to 600 meters... but no one's ever put that to the test, so it's hard to say.
Michiru: "Okay, look! Would it really hurt to take some more time to think this over!?"
Sachi: Only genuine risk can bring great rewards... If this task was devoid of danger, we might entrust it to any woman off the street. However...!
Michiru: "...However!?"
Sachi: Given the perilous... nay, reckless nature of this mission, there is only one kind of person we can turn to in our hour of need... Namely, a tsundere...
Sachi: No matter how she might protest, at the end of the day she is profoundly good-hearted and cooperative... the kind of woman willing to risk her very life for the sake of a single man... That's the kind of person we need now...
Sachi: An opinion leader in the tsundere industry! A tsundere among tsunderes! Queen of the Tsundere Tribe! Tell me, who among Mihama's students might these words describe!?
Michiru: "...Uhm... me...?"
Sachi: I don't have much more to say... but if you truly regard yourself as a tsundere, Michiru-sama, what reason is there to hesitate?
Michiru: "U-Uuuugh..."
Sachi: Come! Let us glorify the noble tsundere lifestyle with our words and deeds! You can fall in love with me if you want... not that I'd care!
Michiru: "Y-You can... fall in love with me if you want... not that I'd care...!"
Sachi: That was a poor showing. There's still a hint of hesitation in your voice. Try again... more loudly!
Michiru: "You can fall in love with me if you want! Not that I'd care!!!"
Sachi: Superbly done, Michiru-sama. In my eyes, you're shining like a star...
Michiru: "...Really...?"
Sachi: Really. On that note, I think it's about time for you to sally forth.
Michiru: "Whaaaagh! Wait a seeeeeec!!!"
Makina: Can you guys get a friggin' move on!? If we sit around wastin' time, somebody's gonna show up ta stop us!
Michiru: "Fine! Fine! I'll do it! Just take it a little slower, okay!? This is just plain scary! Like, really scary!"
Sachi: Listen carefully, Michiru-sama. The tool in your right hand is an oxygen-acetylene torch. Once you reach the ocean floor, open the valve with your left hand and pull the trigger with your right. The fuel will ignite automatically.
Sachi: You should have about six minutes worth of acetylene. Please cut through the power cable within that time.
Sachi: You may be underwater, but the process will produce large amounts of smoke. It may be difficult to see anything once you start cutting. Simply press the torch forward, and rely on your sense of touch to complete the cut.
Michiru: "Fine, whatever! I'll go cut the stupid thing! Happy now!?"
Thanatos: How goes it? Is the work proceeding smoothly?
Sachi: Of course, Onee-sama. All is well.
Thanatos: ...You're a rather presumptuous little thing, aren't you...? I don't recall adopting you as my sister.
Sachi: Kazami-san's sister is my sister. Or am I mistaken?
Thanatos: You most certainly are. But if you manage to pull this off smoothly, I suppose I might give the matter some thought.
Sachi: Very well! Leave it to me. I'll sink Michiru-sama to the very bottom if it's the last thing I do!
Thanatos: ...You're fundamentally talented, good-natured, and charming... but there really is something a bit off about you, isn't there?
Thanatos: Well, whatever. Try to finish up within thirty minutes if at all possible.
Makina: What's next once we're done here, Thana-nee?
Thanatos: ...Thana-nee?
Makina: Yeah. Yer Thanatos Onee-chan, or Thana-nee fer short. Intonation's th' same as with Ama-nee!
Thanatos: ...Couldn't you have thought up something else...?
Makina: Welp, I was thinkin' about usin' yer real name, like Kazu-nee or whatever. But that sounds kinda lame, right? It's too normal, an' normal's boring!
Thanatos: Well, you can do as you please...
Michiru: "Hey, Thanako!! You're POSITIVE this suit is safe, right!?"
Thanatos: ...Thanako...?
Thanatos: Oh, good grief! Stop complaining and get the job done already! This isn't a game, all right?
Thanatos: Komine Sachi, get her down there! Matsushima Michiru, cut that cable! Irisu Makina, resume your aerial lookout duties!
Sachi: Okaaay...
Amane: Oh! Kazuki! So that's where you were!
Thanatos: Where else would I be? The sea?
Amane: Huh? What's that supposed to mean? Honestly, Kazuki... why do you have to wander away the instant I take my eyes off you? You've always been that way, now that I think about it...
Thanatos: Have I?
Amane: When we were stuck in that valley, I think I spent most of my time wandering around looking for you.
Thanatos: If I could sit still and have all the information I want come to me, then I wouldn't need to move around so much. Being human really is inconvenient that way... It makes me a bit nostalgic for my time inside the System. 
Amane: Wait, what...? You better not be thinking about getting back inside that thing...
Thanatos: As I've already explained, I couldn't go back even if I wanted to. And more importantly... I'm rather enjoying my current environment.
Amane: Really? What are you enjoying about it?
Thanatos: Everyone treats me rather... roughly.
Amane: Huh? Oh geez, I'm sorry... did those girls do something already?
Thanatos: They've given me a number of peculiar nicknames.
Amane: And you actually liked that?
Thanatos: There have been plenty of people who had nicknames for me, but for the most part, they never actually said them to my face... So it's a bit refreshing to be treated in such a careless, casual fashion.
Amane: That's kinda weird...
Thanatos: Well, my fellow loner Sakaki Yumiko would likely understand what I mean.
Amane: Oh, right! Sakaki-san was calling for you, Kazuki! That's why I was looking for you in the first place.
Thanatos: Hmm. She's "calling for me," is she? How very brazen. I wonder if she's aware that I usually charge 450,000 yen for a one hour phone consultation...
Amane: Isn't that the kind of treatment you're enjoying so much? Also, uh... do you seriously charge money for your advice?
Thanatos: Politicians and industrialists never trust anything that comes for free, I'm afraid.
Yumiko: Ah, you're finally here...
Thanatos: I am. Did you need something?
Yumiko: I don't, but Captain Garrett apparently does. The calls started coming in fast and furious the moment we deployed the antenna buoy.
Thanatos: Ah, I see. Is she still on the line?
Yumiko: Everyone's been waiting for you, yes. You can talk to them through that computer.
Thanatos: ...Thanatos speaking. I've just picked up the phone.
Captain Garrett: "Where the hell are you, and what are you up to!?"
Thanatos: Pardon? Did you get in touch just to ask me that?
Captain Garrett: "The situation's changed!"
Thanatos: You found one of the bombs, I presume?
Captain Garrett: "Yes, that's right..."
Captain Garrett: "Just as you said, one of them was located in that pharmaceutical research facility in Shinjuku. We deployed the bomb squad we had on standby, and they managed to temporarily disable it."
Captain Garrett: "The problem is the second one, in the Skytree..."
Thanatos: After finding the first bomb, you hurriedly called in reinforcements and stormed into the tower... but the enemy barricaded themselves inside before you could overpower them?
Captain Garrett: "...The enemy's disruption of our communications led to a breakdown of command..."
Thanatos: Everyone knew that the bombs existed, but no one wanted to believe it... No matter what their ideals or demands, would a group of self-interested terrorists truly provoke the wrath of multiple major powers in such a dramatic way?
Thanatos: It seemed all the more incredible given Heath Oslo's pattern of behavior... He'd mostly confined himself to implicit threats, like leaving behind radioactive waste for you to find in his bases. It was all he needed to do.
Thanatos: Simply intimidating you a bit is sufficient to affect the value of his stocks, after all...
Thanatos: Of course, Oslo's actually sold off much of his stake in Apollon Medical by now... but I suppose there weren't many people paying enough attention to see through all his obfuscation.
Thanatos: These days, people like to joke that the world's investors are its real counter-terrorism specialists. But it's a fact that groups without a driving ideology are usually attempting to manipulate the market in some way.
Thanatos: This atmosphere inspired a certain level of wishful thinking... So it must have come as something of a shock to discover that the knife at your neck was all too real. I imagine there was a great deal of panic, yes?
Thanatos: How many people are still left in that conference room of yours?
Captain Garrett: "...I'm not sure I understood half of what you just said... but right now, it's just me and the director-general of CIRS..."
Thanatos: I'm not surprised. The others probably offered you some vague excuses about "making preparations for battle" as they left, but they're really just running away so they can push all the responsibility onto your shoulders.
Captain Garrett: "What the hell do you know!?!"
Thanatos: I know that the only people left in that room are a soldier with some actual guts, and a former public official who simply doesn't have anywhere left to run.
Thanatos: I'm your last thread of hope, aren't I? That's why you kept calling and calling, even though none of the calls went through.
Captain Garrett: "...You really are one hell of a know-it-all, aren't you...?"
Thanatos: You do remember who you're speaking to, correct?
Captain Garrett: "...Let's stop beating around the bush. What can I do? No... what should I do...?"
Thanatos: In a very broad sense, there are two options here. You can either run away, or you can stand and fight.
Thanatos: My brother chose the latter... and so, I've decided to clean up my own mess as well.
Thanatos: You called me because you feel the same way, right? Then I suggest you get to work.
Thanatos: If you've got the time to stop in your tracks and plead with "God" for help, use it to take another step forward... That's how you survive on the battlefield.
JB: Easy for you to say. Organizations like ours aren't quite that quick on their feet, I'm afraid.
Thanatos: Harudera-san...
JB: CIRS always tried to stay relatively agile so it could adapt to this kind of scenario... but with their "chief" absent, you can hardly blame them for faltering.
JB: Director Otsuka, are you in the room?
Otsuka: "...Yes..."
JB: I'll return to Ichigaya immediately. Allow me to take command at the scene.
Otsuka: "Thank you, Harudera-kun..."
Thanatos: Are you really going?
JB: Yes. It seems I left quite a mess behind as well... I really ought to clean it up myself.
Thanatos: We can't very well take the ship back to Japan, I'm afraid. How are you planning to return?
JB: Lieutenant Milliela Stanfield's helicopter returned recently. I'll ask her for a ride.
Zoe: A warrant for Lieutenant Stanfield's arrest was issued four hours ago. She'll be taken into custody if she returns to Japan.
Zoe: I'm probably the only person capable of having that deferred, given my connections to Akasaka and Langley... so I suppose I'll come along as well.
Zoe: The two of us will need to fly over to an American aircraft carrier first, then come back to pick you up in a transport helicopter.
Thanatos: I see... You're heading back as well, are you...?
Zoe: I have an obligation to see what kind of future your brother will create...
Zoe: Besides, I left my husband behind at our soba shop in Tokyo... I wouldn't want to let him die...
Thanatos: In that case... can I ask you two to deal with all that tedious trouble we've left in our wake?
JB: Don't worry about it. We'll take things from here...
Zoe: We can't ask for anything more from a group of amateurs. It's time for the grown-ups to step up and do their part.
Thanatos: Very well then. Once we amateurs have finished our task here, we'll be heading straight off to "paradise."
Thanatos: Once you've cleaned up that mess in Japan, please do come visit my brother's island.
JB: I'm looking forward to it.
Zoe: Email me its location later, would you?
Thanatos: All right. I'll find a map on the internet and send it over when I have a moment.
Yumiko: ...The Thanatos System herself, poking around in an internet search engine? That's a rather absurd joke.
Thanatos: Human beings aren't all-knowing... and that's probably how it should be.
Amane: Uhm... so what exactly are we gonna be doing?
Thanatos: There hasn't been any change of plans. We're just going to cut that cable and make a run for it. After that, we're done. The grownups are going to head back to Japan and deal with all the damage we've caused, apparently.
Amane: Uhm, can we really expect them to do that...?
Thanatos: Well, if you can't trust the adults to do anything right, I suppose we could head back as well.
Thanatos: Want to work with our two friends from Ichigaya and Akasaka, put Irisu Makina to work sniping down terrorists, and send Komine Sachi in to defuse the bomb in the Tokyo Skytower?
Amane: Well, uh...
Thanatos: For what it's worth, I did throw together a preliminary plan along those lines. And we already ran through some initial field tests a few days ago, remember?
Yumiko: That's just crazy, any way you look at it! Those two might have some unusual talents, but they're still only amateurs!
Thanatos: Well, you never know until you try. It's important to challenge yourself, don't you think?
Yumiko: All right, knock it OFF! This isn't funny!!
Thanatos: My goodness. I don't think anyone's ever yelled "knock it off" at me before! Would you mind doing that one more time?
Yumiko: ...Huh? Hold on... this is a little sudden...
Thanatos: Just once more. Please?
Yumiko: Kno... Knock it off!!
Thanatos: ...Aw, do I have to?
Yumiko: Y-Yes! You do!
Thanatos: Hehehe... for some reason, Sakaki Yumiko's become rather adorable all of a sudden...
Amane: You know, Kazuki... you really are kind of a weirdo...
Thanatos: You think? Don't you find her charming too? Try to picture her squealing with frustration as she tries to open the shrink wrap on a CD...
Yumiko: C-Can we stop talking about me, please!?
Makina: "Yahoy, cap'n! We've finished cuttin' through that cable!"
Thanatos: Oh, really? Excellent work. Once we've retrieved Matsushima Michiru and her equipment, let's go underwater and leave the area immediately. Don't forget to recover the antenna buoy as well.
Makina: "Roger that, yo!"
Thanatos: All right then... it seems our little war's finally at an end.
Thanatos: And what exactly are women supposed to do once the fighting's over?
Amane: ...Make dinner and wait for the men to come home from the battlefield!
Thanatos: Yes, that's right. We rebuild our house from the ashes, and wait patiently for our man to return.
Thanatos: There's no time to waste, you know? Our next task is to reconstruct Mihama Academy itself...

Date: *August 6, 2012, 23:32 - Tartarus Isle*
Narration: *Contaminate a refreshing sea breeze with pungent paint and machine oil, then add in the stink of fuel - a bit like that of a kerosene heater. That's the smell of a battleship.*
Narration: *It was a bit too unpleasant to inspire any real "nostalgia." But as I stepped out onto the deck, the humidity, temperature, and smell of the wind did bring back some memories of the past.*
Narration: *The deck seemed to sway diagonally under my feet, pulling my body to the left, but the ship was still in the water. The actual "swaying" was probably happening inside my inner ears.*
Narration: *Glancing down at my wobbling legs, I noticed a number of dark red stains forming on the deck around me.*
Narration: *It took a moment for me to figure out that I was bleeding. Until now, I hadn't even realized I was injured.*
Narration: *A brief examination of my body revealed countless minor wounds where I'd been grazed by bullets or struck by shrapnel.*
Narration: *I'd assumed that my unsteady gait and aching head were related to the drugs I'd been administered, but the blood loss might have been a factor as well. Not that I could be bothered to bind the wounds.*
Narration: *My mind was clouded. You don't stop to think on a battlefield; and you don't feel pain, either.*
Yuuji: ...!?
Narration: *―There was something here.*
Narration: *Something murderous and hateful, polluting the air with its presence. Something that made my stomach churn queasily.*
Narration: *This wasn't a hungry predator watching its prey, or a crazed murderer stalking his victim. I couldn't sense any emotion whatsoever... just a singleminded desire to kill.*
Narration: *If the "grim reaper" really existed, this was exactly how it would feel to meet him.*
Narration: *It wasn't an unfamiliar sensation.*
Narration: *Many years before, I'd learned how to shut my ears on the battlefield.*
Narration: *You can't literally squeeze your ears closed like you can with your eyes. In the course of a battle, you're assaulted by all sorts of noises, conveying all sorts of information.*
Narration: *Terrified screams. Furious roars. Desperate pleas. Whenever your mind processes the meaning of these sounds, your body grows heavier. Your arm stops swinging your knife; your finger freezes on the trigger.*
Narration: *And so, you shut your ears.*
Narration: *You hear the sounds, but you don't think about them. Your mind turns itself off, and your body kills on its own. You don't feel a thing.*
Narration: *I was in the presence of someone who'd learned how to do this. Someone with a cold, black void in the center of their soul.*
Typhon: Hey there. I see you've been busy, Nii-san...
Yuuji: ...What the hell are you...?
Typhon: I think you already have a rough idea, don't you?
Typhon: I'm a product of the Designer Soldier Plan, from the Typhon Project's third stage... Experiment TP-427... But then again, I think Langley prefers to call me "ET-02"...?
Yuuji: Feels like I'm looking into a badly-made mirror... Pretty nauseating, honestly...
Typhon: Well, I was created from a reproduction of your genes. Isn't it obvious that we'd resemble each other?
Yuuji: What's with that hair color? And your eyes...?
Typhon: Ah, yes. I suppose I take after our sister in those respects...
Typhon: They manipulated the Hayflick limit of my cells, accelerating their deaths to promote regeneration, and repeatedly rewrote my telomeres so that I'd mature at an unnatural rate. This was just a side effect.
Typhon: I hate to use such a cliche term, but... I suppose it's proof that I have the genes of a genius.
Typhon: Of course, that would also mean that our sister was a "genius" from birth, even without anyone's help...
Typhon: A pity you weren't so lucky, Nii-san... If things had played out just a little differently, you could have been a superhuman like Kazuki or myself...
Yuuji: ...Haha...
Typhon: What's so funny?
Yuuji: You're actually happy about being a "genius"...? You can't be anything special...
Yuuji: There wasn't a day of my sister's life... that she didn't regret her own brilliance...
Yuuji: People who don't need to work hard to succeed always fall behind in sheer experience... and experience is more valuable than any talent...
Typhon: There's no point putting on a brave front, Nii-san. Take a look at yourself, why don't you? You're a total wreck...
Typhon: And just to be clear, you really shouldn't think of me as a mere "copy." To be sure, we have the same fundamental potential. We're both cowards, and we both lose control when we snap...
Yuuji: ...Haha... Do you piss yourself when you murder people too?
Typhon: I'm not like you, Nii-san. I don't need to rely on the drugs... To be honest, I'm getting a bit sick of being compared to you every time they test me... I'd really like to establish which of us is actually superior, you know?
Typhon: ...Use those...
Yuuji: .........
Typhon: Don't worry. They're just your usual booster drugs...
Yuuji: I don't need them...
Typhon: Why hesitate? You should take advantage of anything that increases your chances of victory even slightly.
Typhon: If you're suspicious about their contents, shall I use one myself...?
Typhon: Or perhaps... you still want to keep thinking of yourself as "human"?
Yuuji: I am human, last time I checked...
Typhon: We destroy. We steal. We kill. Most people would call us "monsters," Nii-san...
Typhon: I certainly hope you don't regard yourself as some special exception to that rule. And in any case... it's not like you're planning on leaving this ship alive, are you?
Typhon: I'll say this one last time. Use the drugs, Nii-san...

Date: *August 6, 2012, 23:37 - Submarine - I-400*
Michiru: "Hrrnnnnngh!! Ngggggghh...!!"
Sachi: Uhm... Michiru-sama? That suit is capable of withstanding water pressure at a depth of 600 meters, remember? I don't think you're going to be able to just pull it off with your hands...
Michiru: "Why can't I get out of this thing!? How long are you gonna keep me dangling from the ceiling like this!?"
Sachi: My apologies. I used a rather powerful threadlocker gel to ensure there wouldn't be any leaks, but its capabilities exceeded my expectations... Now I can't seem to get the suit off you, no matter how I try.
Michiru: "Whaaaaaat!? L-Look... I kinda need to use the toilet, okay!?!"
Sachi: My impact wrench couldn't get a grip, and even with a long extension, my manual socket wrench wasn't able to turn the first bolt. In the end, I'm afraid I stripped its head entirely. It seems there's no choice but to give up...
Michiru: "Can we try a little harder, please!? I'll do my best too!"
Sachi: At what, exactly...?
Michiru: "Holding it!!"
Sachi: Ah...
Michiru: "Don't just make sympathetic noises! Do something! I'm gonna spring a leak in here!!"
Sachi: Well, Maki-chan's gone off to fetch some power tools...
Makina: Yahoooy, Sacchiiin! I grabbed us an angle grinder and an electric drill fer starters!
Michiru: "...Huh? Wait, are you gonna slice this thing open!?"
Sachi: At this point, we have no choice but to cut through the head of that bolt with a power tool of some sort.
Sachi: We're cruising under the water at the moment, and Sakaki-san's in the middle of a briefing. It would be best not to make too much noise... so let's try to get this done quickly, shall we?
Michiru: "What the heck!? Yumiko's playing around with men's underwear while I'm trapped in here!? What is she, a moron!?"
Makina: ...Hah?
Sachi: Uhm, Michiru-sama? Are you perhaps misunderstanding the situation on a rather fundamental level...?
Michiru: "Huh? Wait, you said briefing... Doesn't that mean putting on briefs?"
Makina: Yer so stupid I think I'm gonna barf...
Michiru: "What the heck!? I know what it really means! I did that on purpose! Everybody knows what a briefing is! I was just lightening the mood with a Matsushima-style French joke!"
Sachi: ...*Sniffle*... Oh, Michiru-sama... the hypoxia must have damaged your brain...
Michiru: "Quit choking back sobs!!"
Makina: Look, Chiruchiru... a briefing is just a simple conference where ya share information with people, okay?
Sachi: Now that JB-san is back with her "company," she's called in to give us an update regarding the bombs that were planted around Tokyo... and the fate of the Thanatos System.
Michiru: "...What? It hasn't been that long since she left on the helicopter, has it? Did she already make it back to Israel?"
Sachi: ...Why Israel...?
Michiru: "Huh? Doesn't she work for Mossad or whatever?"
Makina: Just fer the record, we call her "mussy head" cause her hair's all shaggy. Ain't got nothin' to do with Israeli intelligence.
Michiru: "I-I knew that! I did that on purpose too!"
Sachi: ...Ah, I see...
Sachi: Well then, let's get that suit off you, shall we?
Michiru: "Did you have to brush that off so emotionlessly!?!"
Makina: Look, we're really antsy ta hear the news from Japan too, ya know? But we can't just leave ya hangin' here like this...
Sachi: Indeed. Whether Kazami-san has succeeded or failed, we're entirely reliant on JB-san to update us on his status...
Makina: C'mon, there's no way Onii-chan's gonna lose!
Sachi: You're right... we've got to believe in him...
Michiru: "...Okay, but... even if he does win, is he gonna be able to make it back to us...?"
Makina: Hey, don't go blurtin' out a question we're tryin' not ta think about...
Michiru: "But..."
Sachi: There's no cause for concern. Kazami-san has perfectly functional legs...
Sachi: And in the words of Shark Man... "as long as I can walk, I'll always make my way back home"...
Michiru: "Again with the sharks...? What the heck is Shark Man, anyway? I mean, I know who he is... but why would a shark have legs?"
Makina: ...Why would a shark have legs, ya ask...? Hmph... what a foolish question...
Sachi: But if you really must know, I suppose we should answer...
Makina: He has legs... so that he can stand up and fight for the people he loves!!
Michiru: "What does that even MEAAAN!?!"
Makina: Shaaaaaaaark!!
Michiru: "Arrgh, geez! Forget about Shark Man, okay? Just get me out of this thing already!"
Sachi: Of course. We'll be cutting very close to your neck, so do try not to move, please.
Michiru: "Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!"
Narration: *The rapidly-rotating tungsten-blade cutter filled the air with a brilliant shower of sparks...*
Narration: *And Michiru, for her part, emitted a scream of remarkable power.*
Narration: *This piteous shriek, resembling nothing so much as the cry of a maiden being deflowered, traveled along the communication tubes that lined the body of the ship, echoing through its every nook and corner.*
JB: "...Things seem awfully noisy over there."
Yumiko: I'm sorry about that... but I think it's just their way of taking their minds off their anxieties. Please do continue your report...
JB: "...Regarding your prior request... Unfortunately, I simply don't have the authority to deploy assistance directly to Tartarus Isle... given that it's Oslo's home base."
JB: "I know you said money was no object, but the company can't do anything without going through extensive preliminary procedures. And even if CIRS took unauthorized action, we'd be pulling too many people away from the bombs..."
Yumiko: This is a battle Kazami-kun has to fight on his own. I'm not asking you to provide him with armed assistance of any sort...
Yumiko: I was just hoping you might be able to retrieve him once it's all over... If no one's there to pick him up, then...
JB: "...With his final task completed, he might decide to accept his own death...?"
Yumiko: .........
JB: "I understand how you feel... I often worried about exactly the same thing when I sent him off on a job..."
JB: "But Kazami Yuuji... agent I-9029... used to be known as 'Boomerang' during his days in the marines..."
JB: "You could toss him into the middle of an utterly hopeless battle, and he'd still come home alive. That's how he got the nickname..."
JB: "There was a time when we lost contact with him for two full weeks during an operation overseas... But in the end, he was picked up by a local fishing boat and made his way back to us. There really isn't any need to worry..."
JB: "Trust me on this... as long as there's a woman waiting for him, he'll make his way back home sooner or later. That's the kind of man he is..."
Yumiko: ...But...
Narration: *Kusakabe Asako, the woman he'd always come "home" to, was no longer alive.*
Narration: *If he went to her now... he'd be going somewhere very far away from them.*
Narration: *Having lost the woman he loved more than anyone else, he'd come to Mihama Academy an empty shell, in search of a new purpose in life.  But had he actually found one...?*
Narration: *Had they given him reason enough to stay in this world...?*
JB: "Ah... we're just now being contacted by Captain Garrett, who went out to oversee the bomb disposal teams."
Yumiko: Could you conference her into this call, if possible?
Captain Garrett: "...Garrett here."
JB: "How did the disposal of the bombs go?"
Captain Garrett: "At the research laboratory, we found one in the back of a truck that was waiting to unload outside their warehouse. It's already been neutralized."
Captain Garrett: "If we'd been thirty minutes later, they would have carried the thing inside, making it much harder to discover. And what with all the dangerous chemicals in there, it would have done a hell of a lot of damage if it went off."
Yumiko: What about the other one, in the Skytree...?
Captain Garrett: "As a result of the botched initial raid, the terrorists holed up inside the tower for a time. But that Adam character helped us convince Ichigaya and Akasaka to organize a larger joint force, which forcibly suppressed the enemy."
Captain Garrett: "A miniature nuclear bomb was discovered inside one of the tower's elevator shafts. It was temporarily deactivated on site and then transported out. It's currently being neutralized elsewhere."
Yumiko: I see... That's certainly good to hear...
JB: "Easy for you to say. I'm the one who has to think up some plausible excuse for launching a massive raid on one of the city's biggest landmarks, you know?"
JB: "For the moment, I've announced that a construction project related to the redevelopment of the area discovered unexploded ordnance from World War II nearby."
JB: "At this point, it doesn't seem that any information has leaked to the mass media... But some savvier sorts are already starting to speculate that we're taking special precautions, given Oslo's recent arrival in Japan."
JB: "I know it's my job, but try to have a little sympathy for the woman who has to feed a pack of lies to innocent people all over the world..."
Captain Garrett: "It's going to be even harder this time. We need to make some dubious excuses to our 'colleagues' as well."
Captain Garrett: "There's already a lot of questions flying around about how we managed to learn the locations of those bombs..."
JB: "Of course, we can't exactly explain that the main core of the Thanatos System told us the answer."
JB: "But if we tell them a blatantly obvious lie, certain high-ranking people who think CIRS has been infiltrated by Oslo's spies are going to start sounding a lot more convincing. It's a hell of a mess..."
JB: "Whenever anything seems off, their first instinct is to suspect someone on the inside... They trust machines, but not their own people. This company's hopelessly old-fashioned sometimes..."
Yumiko: Could you temporarily reactivate the Thanatos System and claim that "she" provided you with hypothetical locations for the bombs...?
JB: "The relevant information reached us after the Thanatos System fell into Oslo's hands. It would be a pretty flimsy excuse... For one thing, we'd need to get our stories straight with Adam Black and CIRF beforehand..."
Captain Garrett: "In any case, we need to work out a clear answer of some sort. The last thing we need is anyone deciding this was all just Uncle Sam putting on a show to intimidate certain continental powers..."
Yumiko: According to Thanatos... weapons of mass destruction are more powerful when you're not actually using them. Unless it's handled carefully, an incident like this might affect international trade in the area for years to come...
JB: "Relationships between nations in this region will be dicey for a while... if that was Oslo's real objective here, he pulled it off beautifully..."
Yumiko: Even without killing a single person, you can start a war.
Yumiko: For Japanese citizens of our generation, "war" itself feels like something of an abstract concept...
Yumiko: Should one abruptly break out, the majority would probably view it with blind optimism... at least until they've all lost someone close to them.
Yumiko: That's one thing that has really sunk home for me over the course of this incident...
Captain Garrett: "That's war for you... people might spout a lot of big talk about fighting for their nations, but at the end of the day, a soldier picks up their gun to protect the people close to them..."
Captain Garrett: "You lot risked everything for the sake of a single man... And some of those who take their nice peaceful lives for granted would probably call you 'idiots' because of it..."
Captain Garrett: "But let them sneer if they want to! I'm never going to look down my nose at an idiot who grits their teeth and stands up against the odds!"
Yumiko: However... in this incident, more clever individuals ended up using our stupidity to further their own goals... we can't let ourselves forget that.
JB: "...I suppose so..."
JB: "Come to think of it, what is Thanatos up to at the moment...?"
Yumiko: This has all been rather exhausting for her, so she's resting up at the moment.
Yumiko: Apparently, even sitting in a chair currently causes her intense, persistent pain... So she's lying in a bathtub full of ocean water to decrease the burden of gravity on her body...
JB: "Try to make sure the girl doesn't overwork herself..."
Yumiko: Captain Mikemeyer and Suou-san have been looking after her. I think she'll be all right for now.
Captain Garrett: "Ah, speaking of Thanatos... the main system you left behind in the basement entered sleep mode as soon as you cut off its power supply."
JB: "Unless it's hooked up to another source of power, the copy cores will die in about three months."
JB: "The people upstairs haven't decided whether to attempt a restart, but... The reboot process apparently involves a mandatory biometric authentication check on the main core. The maintenance team leader was pale as a sheet..."
Yumiko: ...Could you elaborate, please?
JB: "To simplify somewhat, it's a bit like a password lock on a laptop. Once you've powered the machine off, you need to type in your password to start it back up again..."
JB: "And the only way to enter this particular password is by allowing the system to verify that 'Thanatos' herself is physically attached to it. Essentially, the system can't possibly be restarted without her..."
Yumiko: Well, I did understand that... but you're saying that the System could be restarted if Thanatos decides to cooperate...?
JB: "It's theoretically possible, yes..."
JB: "But there's the question of her wishes, and whether the System would accept the presence of a core that previously betrayed it."
JB: "In other words, they can't just take her into custody and toss her back into the machine to start it up again. And even if they could restart the System, there's the question of how to address its vulnerabilities."
Yumiko: They're concerned about it being targeted by terrorists again, I assume...?
JB: "That's certainly part of it..."
JB: "The System was extremely expensive to maintain in the first place. Given how much it would cost to defend it more thoroughly, they're quite hesitant to boot it back up again..."
JB: "Pardon the analogy, but it's a bit like a pricey foreign car sitting in an open parking lot. Once a gang of thieves finds out there's a valuable car in there, you have to make sure the lot is guarded twenty-four hours a day..."
JB: "And unfortunately, we simply don't have a secure garage capable of protecting it... Right now, a lot of people seem to be concluding that the System was implemented twenty years too early..." 
Captain Garrett: "Hmph... why not build a massive five-sided fortress and stick it in the basement? Works for some people."
JB: "I'm going to ignore that unfortunate attempt at a joke..."
Captain Garrett: "Oh, shut up. You people dragged me all the way out to this godforsaken island and threw me in the middle of a fiasco... I'm damn tired, all right...?"
JB: "We've arranged for catering at your location. Now that the first stage is over, why don't you take a break and get yourself something to eat?"
Captain Garrett: "Yeah, think I'll do just that."
JB: "That concludes my report. I'll get in touch if anything changes, so keep towing the antenna buoy along with you."
Yumiko: All right.
Narration: *A small beep from her headset indicated the call had ended; the word "Disconnected" flashed across the screen of her laptop; and all of a sudden, her body felt incredibly heavy.*
Narration: *A few of their outstanding problems had now been cleaned up. By all rights, that should have lightened her heart... but instead, the weight bearing down on it only grew stronger.*
Narration: *Although the bombs and the Thanatos System were essentially dealt with, the matter of Kazami Yuuji was still up in the air.*
Narration: *They couldn't do anything more for him.*
Narration: *All they could do was pray that he returned.*
Yumiko: ...How much do you want...?
Yumiko: I'll pay whatever it takes... just come back to us, Kazami-kun...
Narration: *She knew it was utterly ridiculous.*
Narration: *But right now, Yumiko simply couldn't find any other words to say.*
Narration: *August 6, 23:45 - Submarine - I-400*
Amane: ...I see. So you really did have an idea things might turn out this way...?
Thanatos: It's not like I knew any of this was going to happen. I was just worried about the possibility that it might. You have to understand, I'm not exactly happy about the way things played out myself...
Amane: You've always been that way, Kazuki... You come up with all these different routes to reach your final objective... And if a single piece of the puzzle gets misplaced, you rework all your plans and find a new path forward.
Thanatos: Everyone does the same thing. Life is a bit like playing shogi against fate on a board full of infinite pieces... And I don't like being carried along by events, so I do my best to struggle through them. It's as simple as that.
Amane: So you can look at a shogi board with infinite pieces, predict ten years' worth of moves from your opponent, and make a play that seems meaningless now... That's my Kazami Kazuki, all right.
Thanatos: You honestly think too highly of me.
Amane: Do I, though?
Thanatos: Absolutely. Given that there are infinite pieces, there are also infinite outcomes I can't possibly predict.
Amane: ...Oh, that reminds me... there's something I always wanted to ask you if I ever saw you again. When we were stranded in that valley, was using all our gasoline to make that toilet part of your plan somehow?
Thanatos: Ah, you mean the fuel from the bus? That was just insect repellent... and a fire safety measure.
Thanatos: Large numbers of flies swarming around our outhouse would have created an unhygienic environment, facilitating the spread of disease. And if we left that gasoline sitting in the tank, it would inevitably have led to a forest fire...
Amane: What makes you so sure of that...?
Thanatos: The group came up with the idea of making signal fires, remember? But all the moisture in the air made it very difficult... If someone had proposed using the gasoline for that purpose, do you think it would have ended well?
Amane: I dunno... maybe if we were really careful...?
Thanatos: Yes, that opinion would definitely have emerged. And it would have ensured our destruction.
Thanatos: This is only speculation on my part, but I saw it playing out something like this...
Ibuki: Hey, Kuma-senpai! Why don't we start a fire and send up some smoke signals? Maybe someone will realize we're down here!
Sakuma: Oh, that's a great idea! Let's get right to work!
Kazuki: You really ought to rethink this. Fire isn't a plaything...
Sakuma: Aw, don't worry! We'll get plenty of water first, and we won't make it too big. We're not a bunch of dumb kids, you know?
Ibuki: Yeah, seriously! You just love shooting down other people's ideas, Kazami. You're the one who said it's dumb to give up before you even try!
Kazuki: And so, they'd ultimately start a fire...
Sakuma: This wood's really damp and clammy, so the fire's not burning too well... Maybe we should add a little more gasoline?
Ibuki: Look, it's barely burning at all right now. Why don't we just dump a whole bunch of gas on it at once? I mean, we need a pretty impressive fire, or nobody's even gonna notice it!
Kazuki: Glub glub glub...
Sakuma: Huh? Did we add a little too much gasoline? It's really flaring up... This is kinda scary! Let's put it out pronto!
Kazuki: In a panic, they pour on some water...
Sakuma: Whoa, what the heck? When we poured the water, the flaming gasoline just slid out on top of it... and now it's flowing all over the place? Oh crap. The fire's spreading like crazy!
Ibuki: This isn't good! We're in serious trouble, Kuma-senpai! We've gotta put it out!!
Kazuki: They run around desperately fighting the fire, but...
Ibuki: Okay, I guess we finally put out the fire, but there's still this weird haze hanging in the air... What do they call this stuff again? Uh... high-temperature combustible gas?
Sakuma: Whoa, what? That combustible gas combined with the oxygen in the air and ignited itself! And the explosion blew half the camp to smithereens!
Kazuki: Kabooom! Gyaaah!
Ibuki: Man, this smoke's so thick... There's barely any wind with all this vegetation around us, so it just won't disperse. Hey, Kuma-senpai... it's getting kinda hard to breathe, huh? I think my mind's starting to get a little foggy.
Sakuma: Ahahahah. Look at that, Buki... it's a Rubens painting! Man, I feel really sleepy for some reason... ahaha, ho, ha...
Ibuki: Hey... what day is todaaay...?
Kazuki: Good grief... I told you so, didn't I...?
Thanatos: It's actually quite rare for anyone to burn to death in a forest fire, you know? Most people die from smoke inhalation instead. You might be able to run away from the flames, but escaping smoke can be very difficult...
Thanatos: And of course, the gasoline could also have been used as a weapon of sorts. Given the circumstances, I wanted to dispose of anything potentially lethal early on.
Amane: I see... You really did think it all through, huh...?
Thanatos: It wasn't anything that sophisticated. I simply imagined the things I didn't want to happen, and then took action to prevent them.
Amane: ...Hey, Kazuki... According to your calculations, what's gonna happen to us now?
Thanatos: I already told you, didn't I? We're just going to run away. And once we've made our escape, we'll rebuild your school. Of course, we might not be able to come back to Japan for a while...
Amane: How long is a while?
Thanatos: Three years at least. Maybe seven, if we're unlucky.
Amane: That long...?
Thanatos: Well, it's going to vary from person to person. You and Matsushima Michiru could probably head back in two years or so, if you wanted to...
Thanatos: But it's entirely possible that Yuuji and I might never be able to return.
Amane: ...Is there nothing I can do to help?
Thanatos: It's nice of you to offer, and I do appreciate the sentiment... but at this point, involving yourself further would only make the situation more chaotic...
Thanatos: Simply by entering a dangerous area, you'd make everyone's life more difficult by obligating them to protect you.
Amane: Ah... right...
Amane: Hey, uhm... what's gonna happen to us now?
Thanatos: You know, I believe I've already spent a great deal of time answering that. Why do you always feel the need to ask me the same question over and over...?
Amane: You're right... it's the exact same question I used to ask you when we were stuck in that valley, isn't it...? I'm such a baby...
Thanatos: Yes, and you're quite good at tickling my maternal instincts, so I've indulged you with the same answer every single time.
Amane: "What will be will be. There's no way to know how this will end"...? Yeah. Of course...
Amane: I really haven't gotten any more mature, have I...?
Thanatos: I'm the one who hasn't matured. You've grown to a remarkable degree.
Amane: Mostly in terms of my bust and waist size?
Thanatos: Yes, that's right.
Amane: You're so meaaan, Kazuki...
Thanatos: Try not to worry too much... Not to repeat myself, but what will be will be...
Thanatos: At this point... I suppose it's mostly up to Yuuji...?
Amane: ...Is he gonna be okay...? I can't help worrying...
Thanatos: Are you sure you want him to come back?
Amane: What do you mean...?
Thanatos: As I believe you're aware, the boy's killed far too many people...
Thanatos: Do you think you can have a "normal" relationship with him, even now that you know the truth about his past?
Thanatos: Can you face up to all the terrible things he's done, and accept him anyway? Can you love him despite them?
Amane: ...Well, I...
Thanatos: To truly understand someone, you have to look at things you don't want to see. All the more so when there's genuine ugliness in their past - the sort that can't be met with simple sympathy.
Thanatos: Getting that far requires you to spend time with them doing nothing particularly important. And those "meaningless" moments are ultimately crucial...
Thanatos: When you think of someone at an important juncture in your life... you tend to remember something pointless and silly about them, don't you?
Thanatos: For example... if you're eating a bit of cheese, you might find yourself thinking of Kaneda-senpai.
Thanatos: The ability to recall those trivial little details is a very, very important thing...
Thanatos: If the thought of someone starts to bring you pain instead of happiness, interacting with them will always be a struggle. It means you only ever accepted them on a superficial level... and you weren't even aware of that fact.
Thanatos: While you're young, maybe that isn't the worst thing in the world. You always can tell yourself you weren't serious about them in the first place.
Thanatos: It's less embarrassing to fail if you weren't really trying all that hard to begin with...
Thanatos: But if you keep making those sorts of excuses to yourself, you might forget how to get serious altogether.
Thanatos: In the end, you'll seal yourself off from the world.
Thanatos: Once you're hiding inside your bubble, it's easy to stop trying entirely... at which point, you've developed one of those "social disorders" we hear so much about these days.
Thanatos: Those who choose isolation grow accustomed to taking the easiest possible road. They stop expecting anything of anyone, but lose all interest in anything but their own petty problems. That's the path of least resistance, after all.
Thanatos: If the thought of being with Yuuji makes you even slightly uncomfortable, it's better to forget about him now than to set off down that path...
Amane: .........
Thanatos: Don't worry. I won't be upset if you choose to reject him. I'll keep loving him on my own, even if no one else does...
Amane: Uh, okay. So... was that your way of saying "you can't have my little brother unless you're really serious about him," basically?
Thanatos: You're not exactly wrong... but you really should give this some serious thought.
Amane: ...I'm not sure I really understand what you said, but... I'm not gonna reject Yuuji. Ever.
Amane: If the man you love is hurt, you heal his wounds. If he has enemies, then you fight at his side...
Amane: When Yuuji's sad, I'll be a hundred times sadder. And when he's angry, I'll be a hundred times angrier...
Amane: Yuuji once told me "nothing pisses off a man like seeing a friend insulted," but... nothing ticks off a woman like seeing a man she loves insulted, you know...?
Amane: I'm not really sure what kind of qualifications you're expecting from Yuuji's girlfriend, but... At the very least... I'm not going to reject him just because I found out about his past...
Thanatos: ...Well, I suppose I shouldn't be surprised. You did pick a fight with a group of international terrorists for his sake...
Amane: So anyway, is there really nothing more I can do? Other than wait, I mean.
Thanatos: ...Again with that question...? You're unbelievably persistent... I've told you the answer a dozen times. We're going to make ourselves a paradise and wait for him there... That's the nature of Project Blanc Aile...
Amane: ...Project Blanc Aile...?
Thanatos: With the project's completion, our long battle will finally draw to a close.
Thanatos: I'm the one who planned it all out, and even I can't deny that this feels like a bit of an anti-climax... So I can understand that the rest of you are probably thinking "What? Are we done already?" as well.
Thanatos: But the ultimate goal of this project was always to provide Kazami Yuuji with something like "closure."
Thanatos: In a sense, he's simply making his way back to the point where he started. The project itself began the day he set foot in Mihama Academy, carrying the weight of his terrible past with him...
Thanatos: The things he had experienced motivated him to help all of you resolve your own problems. As you pieced the fragments of your lives back together, you learned of his past as well...
Thanatos: And in time, one of the problems he'd sought to put behind him reared its ugly head, as if to demand he pay the price for all that he had done.
Thanatos: Of course, Yuuji could have faced that reckoning on his own, but the cost would have been far too severe... In one sense or another, it probably would have meant losing his very life.
Thanatos: He had sinned enough to warrant such a punishment, I suppose... but those sins were far from the only thing that defined his life.
Thanatos: There are people who love him, consider him a comrade, or feel that he helped them grow as human beings...
Thanatos: And in his hour of need, those people stood up to help him however they could, just as he'd once helped them.
Thanatos: If someone gives you a single cup of water when you're truly suffering, you won't forget them as long as you live...
Thanatos: He received just such a gift from his master, Kusakabe Asako, then offered it to all of you in return... And in the very same way, the seeds of kindness that he sowed eventually sprouted and bore fruit.
Thanatos: Having ripened on the branch, those fruits are now sowing seeds of their own...
Thanatos: And the garden they form will be the "Eden" at the heart of Project Blanc Aile... the realization of something he's always yearned for, but gave up on finding...
Thanatos: ...He's afraid to form real relationships with other people. But deep down, there's nothing he wants more... He just hasn't realized it quite yet...
Thanatos: No... perhaps he has realized, but simply doesn't want to admit it...
Amane: ...You plotted out all of this... from the very start... just to make him happy...?
Thanatos: I'm not sure I like the way you phrased that, but yes, essentially...
Thanatos: There's no such thing as heaven on earth...
Thanatos: So in that case, we'll just have to make one ourselves. Simple enough, don't you think...?
Thanatos: This is all just the over-ambitious attempt of a foolish big sister... to remake the world itself for the sake of her only brother.
Narration: *"Blanc Aile" - white wings with which to soar toward freedom.*
Narration: *It was for the sake of obtaining these that the girls had nurtured the seeds that the boy had given them.*
Thanatos: ...And so, the rest really is up to Yuuji...
Thanatos: No matter how brilliantly they bloom, these blossoms might yet be barren. It depends entirely on him...

Date: *August 6, 2012, 23:50 - Tartarus Isle*
Oslo: ...It barrages me with calls when I don't need to hear from you, but can't be reached at a genuinely critical juncture... That's an awfully convenient phone you've got there, Adam-kun.
Adam: "Didn't I tell you to stop contacting me?"
Oslo: I'm not sure why you think I'd listen. You've got an obligation to keep me updated, don't you?
Adam: "We've disarmed the two bombs you planted in Tokyo. The Thanatos System has been frozen both physically and logically..."
Adam: "Why should I bother updating you? Do you really need me to tell you things you already know? You've lost yet another round."
Oslo: Hm. That would be my third straight defeat, I believe... This is going to start harming the reputation of my organization, you know?
Adam: "You've earned yourself enough profit to make up for it. Don't get too greedy, you terrorist trash."
Oslo: That's rich, coming from you... I know you got caught trying to snatch something valuable while your daddy's back was turned, but there's no reason to take it out on me.
Adam: "...In any case, this matter's at an end. I'd advise you to keep your head down for a while."
Oslo: Ah. You won't leave me alone, but you won't crush me either... I suppose you'll just use me to further your own ends, as always.
Adam: "That's your role in life, isn't it? If you're feeling unhappy, drink some expensive wine until you forget about it. We won't be chasing you down just yet... so enjoy yourself while you can."
Oslo: ...So that's Heath Oslo's "role," is it...?
Oslo: I'm starting to get a bit bored of all that nonsense by now, you know...
Oslo: ...Hm? Ah, he's here... Come in.
Oslo: Well, hello there Yuuji! It's been too long! How are things with you? Killed anyone lately?
Oslo: Aah... yes, you most certainly have. Forty or fifty at the very least, I'd say...
Oslo: In the old days, you used to throw up every time you took a life. You've clearly come a long way...

Date: *August XX, 2012, 07:18 - Pacific Ocean - Open Sea*
Makina: Ahooooy! Island dead ahead, yo!!
Michiru: Uh, they're all over the place, actually. Which one is the island Yuuji's master bought?
Thanatos: That's it there...
Makina: Whoooa! It's a friggin' pry-mee-vul jungle out there, man!
Sachi: It's somewhat smaller than I expected... I wonder if it has lodging facilities of some sort?
Yumiko: Its circumference is 3.2 kilometers... In numerical terms, it's virtually the same size as the grounds of Mihama Academy...
Thanatos: About sixty years ago, there was a phosphate mine here, along with a dormitory for its workers. The structures themselves should still exist, but...
Thanatos: During World War II, the island was bombed intensely enough to alter its geography, and some of the buildings apparently ended up underwater. We can't expect too much.
Amane: So it's the jungle life again, huh...? Well, I guess I'm used to it...
Amane: By the way, what's the name of this island?
Thanatos: In the local language, it's known as Grey Island.
Makina: Why? It looks more green ta me.
Thanatos: When that island first rose from the sea, it was just a mass of dead, grey coral where even weeds couldn't grow.
Michiru: That name actually sounds kind of cute... "Grey Island," huh...?
Makina: How would ya say that in Spanish?
Michiru: Uhhm... La Grey... Isla? No... bonita?
Sachi: Close enough to convey the intended meaning, but still mildly infuriating... Very impressive...
Thanatos: The island officially belongs to Yuuji, so we can always change the name if you like.
Yumiko: I'm sure we can file a request with the local authorities easily enough, but... what about getting the maps changed and such...?
Thanatos: Well, getting the name registered will take two weeks... and it might be two years for all the corrections to go through. It's quite common for the local name of a place to differ from what's on the official documents, you know?
Thanatos: The only people inconvenienced by the discrepancy would be delivery companies... And we'll be picking up our mail from the post office on the main island anyway, so that shouldn't be too relevant.
Amane: So in that case... we can call it whatever we want?
Thanatos: It's entirely up to you.
Michiru: Ooh, okay! I want a cute name!
Makina: Welp, it does belong to Onii-chan... so maybe just Kazami Island?
Michiru: How is that cute!? You might as well name it Mr. Standoffish Island!
Yumiko: For all sorts of reasons, we probably shouldn't use anyone's personal name. It used to be Grey Island, so I think something relatively similar to that will make it easier for the locals to adapt...
Amane: Grey, huh...? It's a small island, so... what's small and grey? Pepper, maybe...?
Michiru: I dunno about the whole grey theme. It's kind of a vague, boring color...
Makina: Yeah, it ain't got much sex appeal. Kinda like...
Yumiko: Excuse me!?
Makina: I didn't even diss you yet!!
Yumiko: Yes. My reaction time's been improving lately, hasn't it...?
Sachi: Well, let's see... how does Grisaille Island strike your fancy?
Michiru: What's that? Some foreign language?
Sachi: It's French, yes.
Yumiko: Ah... that's a term for monochromatic paintings, correct?
Sachi: Indeed. It's still working off the "grey" theme, but I thought it sounded a little fancier.
Amane: Grisaille, huh...? Hmm... That "aille" part is a little tricky to pronounce, don't you think?
Makina: Let's just change th' end to an "a," then! Grisaia Island! Whaddaya think?
Michiru: Oh, that's nice! I don't really get it, but it sounds kinda cool!
Yumiko: I do think that would be a bit easier to remember...
Thanatos: Let's go with that, then.
Thanatos: As of today, the name of this place is Grisaia Island. It's our new land... a paradise that we'll build with our own two hands...
Amane: ...Sounds good, but it's probably going to take a while just to get it in a habitable state...
Thanatos: We've got plenty of time... For now, we'll dock this ship on the shore and use it as our temporary base of operations.
Sachi: The next order of business would be our school, yes? A new Mihama Academy, on that island...
Makina: We're bringin' th' place with us, huh...? From Japan to a deserted island... That's one heckuva change of location...
Thanatos: There's no power facility or water reservoir on the island, so for now we'll have to rely on the generator and desalinator on this ship...
Amane: We can make fresh water and salt with the desalinator, and we can buy all the food we need on the main island... I don't think we'll starve, at least.
Michiru: What the heck? You're worrying about food already?
Amane: Well, it'd be pretty sad if we couldn't even make Yuuji a meal when he gets here. It's my job to make sure dinner's ready and waiting for him, you know?
Michiru: ...Oh... right...
Amane: Heeeey! Yuujiiiii! Get over here alreadyyy!!
Narration: *    ―Enough time passed that Japan and America's intelligence agencies discontinued their searches and purged the name "Kazami Yuuji" from their records, but he still didn't show up at our island.*
Narration: *     On the bright side, JB-san managed to officially retire from her post at Ichigaya. She's now become Mihama Academy's resident doctor.*
Narration: *    Our island's populated by a group of women united by their feelings for a single man. Understandably, we've had our share of squabbles and disagreements; but even now, we're still warmly waiting for his return.*
Narration: *     We don't have any running water or electricity here, but we've been finding ways to get by. Every day's as peaceful, dull, and ordinary as the last.*
Narration: *     By now, I think I'm actually a little nostalgic for that summer when we risked everything.*
Narration: *     ―It was about two years later that I finally  earned my license as an airplane pilot.*
Narration: *     　　　　―Hi Mom. Hi Dad. I hope you're doing well.*
Narration: *     It's now been nearly two years  since I arrived on this island.*
Narration: *     I know that you've been very worried  in my absence, and I sincerely apologize.*
Narration: *     I've given up many things, and there's still  quite a few smaller problems left to deal with.*
Narration: *     But even so...*
Narration: *     Even so, I've found real happiness here.  And as long as I can keep smiling,  I don't care about the rest.*
Narration: *     There's no such thing as heaven on earth.*
Narration: *     But if paradise doesn't exist,  we just have to make our own.  It's simple enough, really.*
Narration: *     Right now, I'm honestly glad that I'm alive.  That's enough to make this place "paradise" in my book.*
Narration: *     Yeah. When all's said and done...  life really is a lot of fun, isn't it?*
Narration: *     ―Oh, right, almost forgot.  I've just obtained my license as an airplane pilot.*
Narration: *     It was a real pain rowing our little boat over to the main island every time I needed to go shopping, and the submarine had a seaplane just sitting in storage, so I figured I might as well.*
Narration: *     You know me, Dad... I always did love everything with tires and an engine. I'm sure you won't hold it against me.*
Narration: *     When we first arrived on this island, we were totally reliant on the stuff we brought with us on our ship, but things are starting to get a lot more comfortable.*
Narration: *     After clearing a field for our vegetable garden, we started off by planting pumpkins and sweet potatoes. Now we're growing greens, eggplants, tomatoes, and fruits as well.*
Narration: *     For a while there, we were cooking in a big pot made from the lid of a metal drum, which we heated over a primitive stone oven. But these days we've got actual tools and equipment - and a space worthy of being called a "kitchen."*
Narration: *     We've all assumed our own roles here,  and we're all enjoying life in our own ways―*
Makina: Eggs, eggs, eggy-weggs...♪ Ooh, ya popped out a whole bunch today! Nice work, leghorns!
Makina: Hmm. I'm glad yer layin' so many, but why are they all different sizes...? The yolks are always lemon yellow, too... Fer some reason, they ain't that tasty.
Makina: ...Wonder what the deal is. Are we not feedin' you guys right? I used ta eat 'em without a second thought, but the eggs in Japan were pretty amazin' in retro-speckt...
Makina: Nwoh? Oh hey, Ama-nee's back! Wonder if she bought us anything tasty?
Makina: It's been nothin' but fish lately, so I could definitely go fer some real meat... *Slurp*...
Makina: Hey, don't worry! I'm not gonna eat you guys! Not yet, anyway.
Makina: G'wan, eat up aaall your feed... Get nice an' plump fer me... weeheehee...
Sachi: Whatever environment she may find herself in, a strong and sturdy maid never fails to secure adequate nourishment...
Sachi: I usually fish for blueback sardines with my homemade tackle, but today I'm going after the scorpionfish lurking lower in the water! My bait will be... mackerel!
Sachi: A bite...!! Wait, hmm... a scorpionfish wouldn't tug on the line like this, would it...? It might be another eel...
Sachi: ...Augh, not again... Is the bait I'm using simply too large...?
Sachi: Maki-chan and Michiru-sama have both been complaining about the lack of variety in our diet... I was so hoping to boil or fry a scorpionfish for a little change of pace...
Sachi: I often catch parrotfish around here as well... but in these parts, they seem to bite at whatever's in front of them... That isn't much of a challenge...
Sachi: ...Ah... Amane-san has returned...? I wonder if she picked up the sabiki rig and minnow lure I asked her for...
Michiru: Hey... Thanakooo...
Thanatos: ......
Michiru: Thanakoooo!!
Thanatos: ...What is it?
Michiru: You don't have to be so obviously annoyed that I'm talking to you...
Thanatos: Fine, fine. I'm sorry. In any case, did you need something?
Michiru: Okay, look. Why are you making me study but not anyone else?
Thanatos: ...Because you're an idiot.
Michiru: Right! I knew that, but it still kinda hurts to hear you say it! I'll try my hardest to learn this stuff, so could you try to be a little more diplomatic!?
Thanatos: I bet you were actually relatively smart until fifth or sixth grade, weren't you? But then they started teaching fractional multiplication, and you just couldn't get your head around it.
Michiru: How do you know that!?
Thanatos: Well, you took a simple little test for me earlier, remember? The whole point of those is to help a teacher discover how much their students understand.
Thanatos: It isn't as simple as marking up the answers and giving people their scores... You have to figure out what's tripping up every individual student, and use that knowledge to devise an educational plan for the group.
Thanatos: Fortunately, I do have some time on my hands, and we don't need to worry about holding back any other students, so I can make an individualized lesson plan... In fact, I went so far as to write a special test just for you.
Thanatos: And yet... this is how you repay me?
Michiru: Auuugh...
Amane: I'm hoooome! Ah, man, it's seriously hot down here! It actually felt a little chilly up in the air...
Thanatos: Welcome back, Amane.
Amane: Huh? Are you guys still studying?
Thanatos: We finished her foreign language lesson, so now we've moved on to mathematics... or "arithmetic," really.
Amane: Oh yeah? Well, there's no point working too hard... Why don't you take a break, Michiru? I got some of that chocolate you like so much from the supermarket on the main island.
Michiru: Chocolate!? Awesomeee!!
Thanatos: There you go again, spoiling the girl rotten... This is exactly why her future looks so bleak, you know?
Amane: You keep saying that, but... it's not like we need anything more than multiplication and division to get by on this island, right? Not much point learning kanji, either. And you can get by fine with a little broken English.
Amane: I mean, most people on the main island basically understand Japanese anyway. There's a lot of common vocabulary, you know? "Sashimi" and "nitsuke" are exactly the same.
Amane: When I'm buying food in the market, I can ask them if something's tasty, and they'll answer in perfectly normal Japanese...
Amane: Ah, but I guess the way they call airplanes "sukokies" is a little weird... Maybe they picked that up from someone with a Tohoku accent...?
Thanatos: ...To be sure, none of this will be too crucial while she's living here... But if she ever decides to leave, she'll only be able to do simple jobs that don't require much thinking. Is that really all right with you?
Michiru: It's not all right with ME! I'm sick of dangerous manual labor, thank you very much!
Thanatos: Completely understandable. And that's why you've got to study! Come on, focus. I'll give you a chocolate if you solve this problem.
Michiru: Augh... now she's treating me like a circus bear again... No matter where I go, it's always the same...
Thanatos: For starters, I'd like you to make enough progress that you can take the same lessons as the others. If there's anything you don't understand, I'll explain it as many times as necessary. Not like I have anything else to do.
Michiru: Okay... thanks...
Makina: Welcome hooome, Ama-nee! Didja get anything tasty fer us?
Amane: Hmm, well... I wasn't sure what you meant by "tasty," so I picked up some chocolate.
Makina: Chocolate...?
Amane: We've still got that pudding we made from your chickens' eggs in the fridge... And there's plenty of bread from our machine and bananas from the farm, right? I thought I could make hot sandwiches for our snack today.
Makina: Nwooh! Niiice!
Michiru: Huh? What's a hot sandwich!? Is it tasty!?
Amane: Well, it's one of Makina's favorites.
Amane: You slather pudding on top of a slice of bread like butter, add banana slices and bits of a chocolate bar on top of that... then just slap another piece of bread on top and grill it for a few minutes.
Michiru: That sure sounds tasty!!
Makina: Yeah! But Ama-nee almost never makes 'em, ya know!?
Michiru: ...Huh? Why not?
Amane: Uh, well... they are tasty, but there's one big downside...
Makina: They're super fattenin', too!
Thanatos: Well, living on this island means we're all more active than usual. High-calorie foods aren't really a problem.
Amane: You're gonna have one too, right, Kazuki?
Thanatos: Yes. Let's eat them together at three o'clock.
Sachi: Amane-saaan!
Makina: Oh? Sacchin's back from her fishin' expedition.
Sachi: Welcome home, Amane-san.
Amane: Hey there. Back already, Sacchan? Did you catch anything?
Sachi: Ah, yes. Uhm... first of all, I have yet another moray eel...
Makina: Whoooa! It's huge! An' its face is FREAKY!
Sachi: But that's not all. Feast your eyes on this, everyone... Your friend Komine Sachi has finally obtained the legendary scorpionfish!
Amane: Oooh! You got a really big one this time! Hm... maybe we can boil that in soy sauce?
Michiru: Ah, boiled fish sounds good...
Michiru: It always seemed like old-people food back in Japan, and I never thought it was that tasty... But now, something about it feels really comforting somehow... like, the smell of it, I guess? And the flavor...
Amane: As for that moray eel... I guess we could fry it with some veggies to make tempura, or serve it in bite-sized pieces with shredded plums.
Sachi: It's still alive at present, so sashimi in ponzu might be an option as well.
Amane: Well, if you think of this as an oversized hamo, there's all sorts of things we could do with it. I bet it would go great with cold pasta, too.
Thanatos: We've certainly been growing more self-sufficient in terms of our diet, haven't we? It really is a help having you around, Amane. I was wise to get a girl who grew up in a restaurant on our team.
Amane: Oh, wait... is that the real reason you chose me as your partner back in that valley?
Thanatos: No. I chose you because you were clearly a masochist. I did know your parents operated a restaurant, but I had no idea you could cook.
Amane: Huh. No kidding...?
Thanatos: And from that starting point, you've climbed all the way up to your current position as my best friend. You really should have more confidence in yourself.
Michiru: Yeah, I guess. We're living pretty comfortably at this point, but it's pretty scary to think about how things might have gone if Amane wasn't here.
Makina: I can't live without Ama-nee, personally. And as long as she's around, I can get by just fine anywhere!
Sachi: If you were to adopt my profession, Amane-san, I'm positive you'd become a chief maid in no time.
Amane: Whoa, what the heck...? Don't barrage me with compliments like that, guys. You're making my face all hot...
Principal: Oh my, the gang's all here. What are you girls talking about?
Makina: We're discussin' dinner! Come ta think of it, ya got a real talent fer showin' up whenever we start talkin' about food, Chizuchizu...
Principal: Hmph. It's not like that's the only reason I ever stop by, you know!
Makina: Okay then. What are ya here for?
Principal: I've got an announcement, everyone. The new school you've all been waiting for is finally finished!
Michiru: Huh? Wait, you mean the new school building's ready!?
Principal: That's right. It's just a two-floor prefab building, but now we're finally an academy in more than name! All thanks to Harudera-san, of course. Let's make sure to show her some gratitude!
Thanatos: Mihama Academy's relocation request and our registration with the local authorities both went through, then?
JB: Well, yes... although I essentially had to "force" them through.
JB: The Ministry of Education won't recognize the overseas branch of a private learning institution unless it also has facilities within Japan. Clearing that obstacle alone took over a year...
JB: I was hoping to just rent an office building to use as a dummy school... But your temporary naturalizations and transfers to an international "campus" bogged me down in tedious paperwork for another six months or so.
JB: After two years of painful effort, I finally managed to get their formal approval.
Thanatos: We do appreciate it. My apologies for pushing all the unpleasant work onto your shoulders.
Principal: In any case! As of this moment, you can all re-enroll in the new Mihama Academy!
Amane: Thank goodness... We're finally students again! My parents weren't exactly happy about me goofing around on a tropical island instead of furthering my education, you know?
Thanatos: Well, it's not going to be much of a "school" compared to the old Mihama Academy on the mainland. They might end up even more concerned than before.
Principal: Prefab buildings are nothing to scoff at these days, you know? It's got two floors! And air conditioning!
Makina: Welp, let's go take a look fer ourselves!
Sachi: While we're at it, why don't we take a group photo in front of the new building to commemorate the occasion? I'll go fetch a camera.
Amane: Wait, come to think of it... where's Sakaki-san?
Makina: Hmmm? Good question. I ain't seen her around... Wonder if she's shuttin' herself up inside th' sub again?
Thanatos: There wasn't anyone inside the ship when I left it earlier.
Makina: ...Hold on a sec! Does that mean...!?
Yumiko: ...It seems CIRS is going to be dismantled...
Yuuji: I'm not surprised. There wasn't much chance it could keep functioning as a secret organization after putting on a show like that...
Yumiko: That was part of it, but the more fundamental issue was the public exposure of the Thanatos System. It simply wasn't possible for them to explain what happened without revealing its existence...
Yumiko: Which meant admitting that they'd worked with America to implement the System, despite never receiving formal authorization from the government. It's no surprise their organizational mandate was called into question...
Yuuji: Well, whatever... Intelligence agencies get dismantled all the time, you know? CIRS itself was technically only created about ten years ago.
Yuuji: They might toss away the sign on the door, but they won't get rid of the people inside that easily. They'll establish a new organization soon enough...
Yumiko: So it seems. And when that new organization comes into existence, they're hoping to recall "9029" to the mainland as an instructor...
Yumiko: Ichigaya sent us a message for you. They say you can come back to Japan whenever you feel like it...
Yuuji: I see...
Yumiko: It's a chance to head back home with your head held high, I suppose...
Yuuji: True enough... but I'm sick and tired of jobs that involve pointing guns at people, to be honest...
Yuuji: That said, I'm not planning to pretend that my past never happened, either.
Yuuji: No matter what I do with the rest of my life, my experience will have its uses... And if I do find a new path, I'll follow it without losing sight of what came before... I just want it to be on this island.
Yumiko: ...I see... If you're all right with that, then I won't say anything more...
Yuuji: Do you want to go back to Japan?
Yumiko: Not particularly. I don't see much point being in Japan if you're not there... If you stay here, then so will I. It's as simple as that...
Yuuji: I see...
Yumiko: ..."I see"? Is that the best you've got? Honestly... Do you have any idea how it felt for us to wait around on this island while you took your sweet time getting here?
Yuuji: I'm sorry about that... but in my defense, I was wounded badly enough that I easily could have died. It took half a year before I could even stand up on my own...
Yumiko: You didn't have any means of communicating the fact that you'd survived. And people were still looking for you, so you wanted to avoid drawing their attention to us. Correct?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right...
Yumiko: Well... you did come back alive in the end, so I suppose I'll forgive you...
Yuuji: I'm pretty sure you've said that before, but somehow this just keeps coming up...
Yumiko: You shouldn't expect anything different... A woman might say she's forgiven a man, but that doesn't mean she entirely means it.
Yuuji: ...Maybe I should have just let myself die back then... Ended up missing my chance again. Guess I still haven't earned permission yet...
Yumiko: Don't even joke about that.
Yumiko: I don't care if God permits you to die. I won't stand for it...
Yumiko: I'm sure it won't be easy, but I expect you to keep on living for our sake... for my sake...
Yuuji: Yeah. I'll try my best to keep going...
Yumiko: For me?
Yuuji: For everyone.
Yumiko: .........
Yuuji: Okay, ow. That hurts...
Narration: *―You can't really know if your life was well-spent until the moment that you die.*
Narration: *That said, I've got quite a few people who never gave up on me, no matter how bleak things looked...*
Narration: *And I don't think I could ask for anything more.*
Narration: *I was never exactly a normal person. But I've come to realize that for me, "paradise" isn't a destination to head toward.*
Narration: *It's my purpose in life. Something I need to make for myself right where I am.*
Narration: *By now, have I become the person I wanted to be as a child?*
Narration: *I probably won't know for sure until my final day.*
Narration: *But at this rate, I think I'll at least be able to die a nice, clean death―*
Narration: *A death free of regrets―*
Makina: Aaah! Ya really were out here! I knew it!
Sachi: All alone with Sakaki-san in this secluded location...? What exactly were you doing?
Yuuji: Fishing.
Makina: And ya caught yerself a Yumi-chan, huh?
Yuuji: Yeah. Didn't take long at all... The girl jumped right onto my hook. She's an easy woman, I guess.
Yumiko: ...Calm yourself, Yumiko... It's just as Harudera-san said. This is the only way he knows how to express his fondness for someone... It's actually rather charming, in a way...
Makina: What're ya mutterin' to yerself about?
Yumiko: Oh, leave me alone!
Sachi: Sakaki Yumiko, seven centimeters... My, that's a new record.
Yumiko: ...Excuse me?
Sachi: When you first met Kazami-san, you would attack him with your box cutter every time he came within a two-meter radius of your person...
Sachi: But then you began lending him your old books, and he happened to touch your hand... after which your self-defense zone shrank abruptly to 90 centimeters...
Sachi: And now, the space between you is a mere seven centimeters... You've come a very long way, Sakaki-san. I'm terribly sorry to have interrupted your enjoyment of this subtly intimate arrangement...
Makina: Heck, yer lettin' him go all th' way to zero these days. Even inside ya, sometimes. Why bother keepin' yer distance at all?
Yumiko: Auuuugh! Will you shut up!? What is this!? Did you come here for a reason or not!?
Sachi: Indeed we did. Mihama Academy's new school building has been completed, and we wanted to commemorate the occasion with a group photograph in front of it.
Yuuji: That a fact? Is everyone else already there?
Sachi: Yes, we're just waiting on you two.
Yuuji: All right then. Let's head right over.
Makina: Ya done with yer fishing?
Yuuji: Yeah. I was just dangling a string from a pole so no one would realize I was zoning out, that's all. There actually isn't any bait on this thing, or even a hook. Don't think I could catch anything other than Sakaki with it.
Yumiko: Kh...!!!!
Yuuji: Seriously, that hurts!
Amane: Ah! Makina! Did you find Yuuji?
Makina: Yep! Sure did! He was flirtin' around with Yumi-chan, just like we thought!
Yumiko: We were not "flirting around" in the slightest!
Amane: Hm? Hey, I'm not gonna get on your case about it. I mean, I definitely flirt around with him when we're alone.
Yumiko: ...U-Uhm... what does that involve, exactly...?
Amane: Oh? You sure you wanna ask me that question? I'm kind of a specialist, you know. Want me to give you the rundown sometime?
Yumiko: ...S-Sometime? When would that be?
Amane: Whenever you like. We've got plenty of time on our hands.
Principal: Okaaay! Is everyone here? I'm going to take the photo! Line up in front of the building in order of height, please!
Principal: Oh, and I'll be slipping in on the left side there, so leave a little space for me. Pay attention, now! Once the red light starts flashing, we have three seconds until it takes the picture! Everyone look right here...
Makina: Yeah, yeah! Let's get a move on already! I wanna be next to Onii-chan!
Sachi: Oh, I think I'd like to stand next to Kazami-san as well...
Michiru: Hey, come ooon!! She said in order of height, didn't she!?
Makina: Stop tryin' ta squeeze in between us, Chiruchiru! Yer so friggin' annoying!
Thanatos: *Sigh*... You people just don't understand. A little brother always needs his sister at his side, you know? Scoot over, Chipmunk-face...
Makina: Yer a tyrant, lady!!
Yuuji: Just line up already. This really doesn't matter. 
Everyone: It DOES matter!!
Yuuji: Uh, right... *Glance*...
JB: ...*Siiigh*...
JB: Honestly now... Can you stop looking in my direction and pleading for help with your eyes every single time this happens?
Yuuji: ...Sorry...
JB: All right, all right! Yuuji, you're in the center! Everyone else, line up in rows according to height! If anyone's not happy with the results, we'll take separate shots of you with him later! Got it!? Go!
Everyone: Okaaay.
Principal: All right then! Everyone ready? I'm going to take the photooo!
Narration: *―In the season when flowers were blooming back home, a new Mihama Academy came into existence.*
Narration: *Of course, it's a very small school, with only six students enrolled.*
Narration: *On the scale of world events, its establishment probably isn't especially significant.*
Narration: *But even so, today marked a definite milestone in our lives - a day we'll always remember.*
Narration: *Even if the world ended tomorrow, on this island things would go on just the same.*
Narration: *Full of the hope that these tranquil days will continue, we look back on our past selves with gratitude.*
Narration: *We look back on that day when we stood up to fight for a common purpose...*
Narration: *We look back on the summer that we rushed through like a hurricane, and we feel a bit nostalgic.*
Narration: *But even now, we're still running forward―*
Narration: *Laughing loudly every step of the way―*

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Is your little buddy perking up yet?
Professor Dave: As I'm sure you all remember, domestic cats first go into heat when they're about seven months old... but unlike the females, tomcats don't have regularly-scheduled breeding periods.
Professor Dave: Instead, they're induced to breed by the presence of a female cat in heat!
Professor Dave: So if you kids have a big old bulge in your pants right now... that means there's a girl somewhere who's feeling just as horny!
Professor Dave: Now get out there and hustle your pants off!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Are you enjoying all the sex you're having with these girls?
Professor Dave: You know... humpback whales are famous for their songs, and with good reason. Some of them will keep singing the same tune for up to 20 hours straight!
Professor Dave: Incidentally, some people like to play music when they're doing naughty things so that the neighbors don't hear any moaning, right?
Professor Dave: It can be hard to notice in the heat of the moment, but the human voice tends to echo more loudly than you'd expect. Better be careful!
Professor Dave: Hold on! You're thinking "Not a problem, I use headphones," right? Well, even the closed-back kind can leak a surprising amount of sound! Go test it out one more time to make sure you're in the clear!

Tunafish Man: Fresh-Fish Superman! Tunafish Man!
Tunafish Man: ...Masturbation Station.
Tunafish Man: Hello there, boys and girls. Have you been eating your tuna lately?
Tunafish Man: Professor Dave's off in Madagascar today, filming an encounter with the beaked sea snake. I'll be keeping the Masturbation Station safe in his absence!
Tunafish Man: Now, not to change the subject or anything... but do you know where the word "Tuna" came from in the first place?
Tunafish Man: Well, the term probably developed from the Spanish word "atun" a few hundred years ago...
Tunafish Man: But when you trace it all the way back to its roots, you'll find the Ancient Greek "thuno"... something that "darts along!"
Tunafish Man: My goodness, there's so much to learn about the noble tuna! I'm only getting more and more fascinated!
Tunafish Man: Why don't you all take this as your cue to spend more time thinking about tuna, kids!?

General Spareribs: Biiii bii bii bii!
General Spareribs: Professor Dave's off in Indonesia today, filming his encounter with the geographer cone snail. For the time bii-ng, I'm in charge here!
General Spareribs: I think I'll take this opportunity to bii-t some facts about beef ribs into your heads.
General Spareribs: Did you know it's possible to get around 40 kilograms of ribs from a single cow?
General Spareribs: That would bii about the same as Irisu Makina's total body weight!
General Spareribs: Now, doesn't thinking about that get you craving some nice juicy beef?
General Spareribs: Go on, eat some ribs! Eat and bii happy!

Shark Man: Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark!
Shark Man: Professor Dave's off in Mongolia today, filming his encounter with the tiger keelback snake. I've occupied this channel in his absence!
Shark Man: Today, I'm going to tell you little brats one of my deepest, darkest secrets!
Shark Man: See this distinctive head of mine!? Looks a bit like a double-sided hammer at this angle, doesn't it!? Well, that's why they call me a "hammerhead shark"!
Shark Man: What do you think!? Pretty cool, right!? Don't you wish you could be me!?
Shark Man: Huh...? "Not particularly"...?
Shark Man: ......

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Whenever anyone comes in an eroge, whether inside or out, they always draw a huge amount of semen, right? Well, the way I see it, more come is always better!
Professor Dave: Now, you know that the animal with the single biggest brain on Earth is most commonly known as the "sperm whale," right?
Professor Dave: Well, that's because the waxy white "spermaceti" found inside their heads was originally thought to be their semen!
Professor Dave: Well then, kids! Go cover lots of girls with giant loads, and maybe you'll get "sperm" added to your names too!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Are you making sure to spend time with girls every single day?
Professor Dave: Now then. The "baku" is one name for the Asian tapir, a creature with a pig-like body and a long proboscis... but in Japan, the word more commonly refers to a mythological dream-eating monster.
Professor Dave: There's also an old legend that when you slip a picture of something or other under your pillow, it will appear in your dreams that night. Ever given it a try, kids?
Professor Dave: Sometimes you just don't have the time to go and see a girl in the waking world! Well then, how about slipping your computer under your pillow before you go to sleep?
Professor Dave: What? You've got a desktop computer, so that's not going to happen...?
Professor Dave: <Oh my god...>

Tunafish Man: Fresh-Fish Superman! Tunafish Man!
Tunafish Man: ...Masturbation Station.
Tunafish Man: Hello there, boys and girls! My recommendation of the day: tasty tuna fish of any kind!
Tunafish Man: Professor Dave's off in Russia at the Chukchi Sea today, filming an encounter with polar bears. I'll be keeping the Masturbation Station safe in his absence!
Tunafish Man: Now, not to change the subject or anything... but when you think of the words "dead fish," what comes to mind?
Tunafish Man: That's right! It's a popular way to describe people who are completely passive during sex!
Tunafish Man: It's mostly used to describe women who just lie there on their backs in the missionary position, or men who don't do anything while their partner rides them "cowgirl" style...
Tunafish Man: But either way, let's try to enjoy sex a little more, shall we!?
Tunafish Man: And once you're done with the sex, don't forgot to eat some nice fatty toro!
Tunafish Man: That toro's crazy good stuff, you know!?

General Spareribs: Biiii bii bii bii!
General Spareribs: Professor Dave's off on vacation today. For the time bii-ng, I'm in charge here!
General Spareribs: But honestly, it was a pain in the bii-hind capturing all the staff...
General Spareribs: After a long, tiring day like this, there's only one thing a man wants to eat... that's right, beef ribs!
General Spareribs: I think I'll take this opportunity to educate you imbii-ciles on the tastiest way to prepare ribs.
General Spareribs: First of all, bii sure to remember the 70/30 rule. Give the front of the ribs 70 percent of the grilling time, and the back 30 percent!
General Spareribs: Once they're ready, dump some rice on top of sangchu lettuce, and drop your sauced-up ribs on top. Plop on a bit of mayo as the finishing touch!
General Spareribs: I got that straight from the president of a yakiniku chain, so you know it's gotta bii true!

Shark Man: Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark!
Shark Man: Professor Dave's off in South Africa today, filming his encounter with a herd of cape buffalo. I've occupied this channel in his absence!
Shark Man: Today, I'm going to teach you little brats all about the powerful appeal of the noble shark!
Shark Man: Some people think the fin's the only part of us with any value, but as it happens... our meat's low in calories and fat, but full of protein! And we've got cartilage instead of bones, so children and old people can eat us too!
Shark Man: What d'you think of that!? Pretty amazing, right!?
Shark Man: Oh, but that said... don't go recklessly approaching sharks for no good reason, okay? You'll get yourself bitten.
Shark Man: You'll be careful, right? That's a promise, kids!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Are you all thinking about lots of obscene things today?
Professor Dave: You know, the sea anemone kind of resembles a little pouch when it contracts... that's why they call it an "iso-ginchaku" in Japan. It literally means "beach pouch!"
Professor Dave: But way back in the day, it also had a different name. It was called the "iso-tsubi"... or "sea vagina"!
Professor Dave: But in English and German, it's named after a kind of flower instead... hmmm. I guess the Japanese really are obsessed with sex, aren't they?
Professor Dave: For kids like Yumiko Sakaki, who look at naughty videos every single day, it must be a kind of paradise!
Professor Dave: Go enjoy some more pleasant moments with those wonderful, sex-starved girls, why don't you!?

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Doesn't the word "harem" have a wonderful ring to it?
Professor Dave: Now, the fur seal's famous for forming groups where one male monopolizes multiple females... but of course, not every male can make their very own harem!
Professor Dave: The males defeated by others in combat for mates tend to be driven inland, to terribly inconvenient locations...
Professor Dave: And once that happens, most of them will end up dying without ever getting a chance to mate with a female.
Professor Dave: Isn't that tragic? I'm tearing up just thinking about it...
Professor Dave: Kids, make sure you give the girls around you lots of love while you can!

General Spareribs: Biiii bii bii bii!
General Spareribs: Professor Dave's off in Okinawa today, filming his encounter with the habu jellyfish. For the time bii-ng, I'm in charge here!
General Spareribs: Are you little squirts eating your ribs, hmm? Not pork ribs, mind! Beef ribs!
General Spareribs: Lately the pork kind's bii-n getting awful popular, since the meat's cheap and juicy... but real "ribs" come from a cow, and that's just how it is.
General Spareribs: Forget those stupid pigs... eat cows, damn it! Eat our ribs!
General Spareribs: Huh? You'd rather "eat" women at the moment?
General Spareribs: W-Well then... bii sure to get some ribs after, at least!

Shark Man: Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark!
Shark Man: Professor Dave's off... uh, somewhere or other... filming his encounter with the Deathstalker scorpion. I've occupied this channel in his absence!
Shark Man: Today, I'm going to tell you little brats a secret fact that'll leave you wetting the bed for weeks!
Shark Man: The hammerhead shark moves in PACKS, kids! There can be hundreds of us in a single deadly swarm!
Shark Man: Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark! What d'you think of that? Terrifying stuff, right!?
Shark Man: Huh...? "Why do you always fight Tunafish Man one on one, then"...?
Shark Man: W-Welll... you know...
Shark Man: Our budget's not unlimited, all right?

Tunafish Man: Fresh-Fish Superman! Tunafish Man!
Tunafish Man: ...Masturbation Station.
Tunafish Man: Hello there, boys and girls. How are things with you?
Tunafish Man: Professor Dave's off in Australia today, filming an encounter with the deadly box jellyfish. I'll be keeping the Masturbation Station safe in his absence!
Tunafish Man: Now, not to change the subject or anything... but do you kids know just how popular the noble tuna is these days?
Tunafish Man: According to household expenditure figures from all of Japan's various prefectures, the average family has been purchasing... less and less tuna with every passing year...
Tunafish Man: Huh...? Seriously...?
Tunafish Man: B-But of course, when we look at the figures from the conveyor-belt sushi restaurants...
Tunafish Man: Wait... Salmon's actually more popular now...?
Tunafish Man: ......
Tunafish Man: U-Uhm, does anyone in the crew know... if "Fresh-Fish Superman Tunafish Man" might possibly get cancelled sometime soon...?
Tunafish Man: ...Wait. Why are you all avoiding eye contact?

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! What kind of girl is your "type," hmm? 
Professor Dave: Now, cliones are commonly called "sea angels" or fairies of the ocean... but as many people may already know, it's actually pretty horrifying to watch them consume their prey.
Professor Dave: Don't be misled by a girl's appearance, kids! Some of them might just gobble you up too!
Professor Dave: Even if they look sweet and innocent, they might turn out to be a brutal monster in bed! It happens all the time, you know?
Professor Dave: When a real slut gets a hold of you, she'll rub your penis raw and then laugh at you for being "girly" if you break down in tears! Better watch your step!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Tell me, have you all settled on a single "waifu" yet?
Professor Dave: Male elephant seals will supposedly fight each other to the death to secure a mate. Make sure to love your girls just as intensely, everyone!
Professor Dave: Ah, but that said... even if you see someone on the internet claiming that YOUR bride belongs to them, there's no reason to get into a fight!
Professor Dave: You both have the same taste in women, after all. Surely that's reason enough to get along!
Professor Dave: And if you start chatting about why you love your lady, you might learn to appreciate her in ways that hadn't even occurred to you before!

Tunafish Man: Fresh-Fish Superman! Tunafish Man!
Tunafish Man: ...Masturbation Station.
Tunafish Man: Hello there, boys and girls. Have you all been pickling your tuna?
Tunafish Man: Professor Dave's off in Australia today, filming an encounter with the platypus. I'll be keeping the Masturbation Station safe in his absence!
Tunafish Man: Now, not to change the subject or anything... but do you kids know the temperature that tuna should be stored at to ensure its quality doesn't degrade?
Tunafish Man: It happens to be a bitter-cold -30 degrees Celsius! That's incredible, isn't it!?
Tunafish Man: But once you thaw out a frozen tuna... if you try to freeze it again, its tissues will break down, causing it to deteriorate in quality.
Tunafish Man: What am I getting at, you might ask? Well...
Tunafish Man: Nothing beats a fresh, raaaaaw fish!!!!
Tunafish Man: Not to worry, though! This Masturbation Station's full of fresh girls and raw sex! Eat up, kids! It's good stuff!

Shark Man: Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark!
Shark Man: Professor Dave's off in Papua New Guinea, filming his encounter with the saltwater crocodile. I've occupied this channel in his absence!
Shark Man: Today, I'm going to teach you little brats some unbelievably tasty shark-based recipes!
Shark Man: In Hiroshima prefecture's Miyoshi City and other parts of Bihoku, there's a long tradition of shark-based cooking.
Shark Man: Personally, I'm particularly fond of... shark ochazuke, shark cooked with rice, shark sashimi, fried shark, shark tempura, crispy shark in sweet sauce, shark cutlet curry, shark bowl, sharkburgers, shark...
Shark Man: Huh... the list's too long...?
Shark Man: But I'm not even halfway done...
Shark Man: Oh, we're out of time already? Kuh, I didn't even get to the good stuff...

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Panties should never be removed entirely. Leave them dangling around her thighs... that's the righteous path!
Professor Dave: Now, let's have a chat about the "blue marlin," the fish with a long, spear-like snout. In Japan, it's called the "kuro kajiki," or BLACK marlin!
Professor Dave: Why the difference? Well, the Japanese call it "black" because that's the color it turns after it's dead. But the English name refers to the vivid blue color of its body just before it dies!
Professor Dave: Incidentally, according to a nationwide statistical analysis of data on "lucky panties"... pink is apparently the single most popular color.
Professor Dave: There's quite a variety of underwear on display in the Grisaia series, of course. What color panties were your favorite, everyone?
Professor Dave: Personally, I'm down with anything!

Shark Man: Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark! Shaaark!
Shark Man: Professor Dave's off in Oahu Island in Hawaii today, filming his encounter with the local poison dart frogs. I've occupied this channel in his absence!
Shark Man: Today, I've got something to say to you brats!
Shark Man: Last time we were doin' one of our stage shows, some idiot in the audience told ol' Tunafish "His eyes are really far apart! Just come straight at him, and he won't be able to see you!"
Shark Man: Ya shoulda seen the look on that fish's face! He didn't know what to say!
Shark Man: Come on, old man! Can't you appreciate the formula for what it is!? Don't go telling him my actual weaknesses!
Shark Man: Next time, just keep your trap shut, okay!? Unless you WANNA make me mad!

Tunafish Man: Fresh-Fish Superman! Tunafish Man!
Tunafish Man: ...Masturbation Station.
Tunafish Man: Hello there, boys and girls! Are you putting enough grated yam on your tuna?
Tunafish Man: Professor Dave's off in Malaysia today, filming an encounter with the flamboyant cuttlefish. I'll be keeping the Masturbation Station safe in his absence!
Tunafish Man: Now, not to change the subject or anything... but do you kids know how tunas reproduce?
Tunafish Man: Well, a male and a female will swim along next to each other, getting excited... and when they slip apart, the female will squirt out a bunch of eggs.
Tunafish Man: And then the male takes aim at those... and ejaculates!
Tunafish Man: Why don't you all try a little tunafish roleplay yourselves sometime, kids? See if you can fire some come right into your girl's pussy!
Tunafish Man: Pew pew pew!

General Spareribs: Biiii bii bii bii!
General Spareribs: Professor Dave's off in Papua New Guinea today, filming his search for the northern variable pitohui. For the time bii-ng, I'm in charge here!
General Spareribs: Today, I'm going to bii opening your eyes to the terrifying truth!
General Spareribs: When you order "roast" in a yakiniku restaurant... the stuff they bring you ISN'T ribs.
General Spareribs: How can you eat it when you don't even know where it came from!? Just eat the ribs instead, you fools!
General Spareribs: Ribs are succulent! Ribs are full of rich, mouth-watering flavor! Everyone loves them! You can even make spinoffs based on them! They're the best, any way you slice it!
General Spareribs: Whew. All right. After a sales pitch that good, I think we should be fine for a while...

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Are you giving your girls your attention and gratitude on a daily basis?
Professor Dave: Now, the sloth's famous for spending most of its life hanging around lazily in trees. Not only do they eat and sleep up there, they don't even come down to mate and bear their children!
Professor Dave: True to their name, they really are rather lazy creatures.
Professor Dave: But anyway... does the idea of having sex like that appeal to any of you, kids?
Professor Dave: A guy I know once climbed into a swing, built up some momentum, and tried to penetrate a lady crouched down in front of him with her butt in the air!
Professor Dave: The results were... mmm, pretty disastrous, apparently. Don't try that one at home, kids!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! There's lots of ways to finish, right? You can come inside her, on her face, or on her tits. What's your favorite, everyone?
Professor Dave: Now, the North Pacific right whale has a beautifully curved back... but they're also the animal with the single biggest testicles on earth.
Professor Dave: A single "ball" weighs 500 kilograms! When you've got the set, that's about a metric ton!
Professor Dave: Incidentally, when human men come three or four times in quick succession, they drain their seminal vesicles entirely... and after about three days, their "tank" will be full again.
Professor Dave: But when you've got an adorable girl right in front of you, it's not like you can just sit around waiting for that to happen, right!?
Professor Dave: Jerk off when you want to jerk off! That's the way it should be, kids!

General Spareribs: Biiii bii bii bii!
General Spareribs: Professor Dave's off in Papua New Guinea today, filming his encounter with the southern cassowary. For the time bii-ng, I'm in charge here!
General Spareribs: Today, I'm going to teach you kids a special method that will let you eat barbii-cue without putting on weight!
General Spareribs: First of all... while you're grilling the meat, stuff as much "namul" into your mouth as you can.
General Spareribs: All the dietary fiber in those greens will bii making it harder for your body to absorb fat for a while!
General Spareribs: That way, you can gorge yourself on ribs guilt-free.
General Spareribs: But if you find yourself thinking you might have eaten too much... that's when you eat some kimchi as well!
General Spareribs: All the capsaicin in it will help your body digest that fat!
General Spareribs: Come on, then! Let's get this yakiniku orgy started!

Shark Man: Huh? You been gettin' into yakiniku lately, Aoda-san?
Shark Man: D'you know that place near Showa-dori in Akihabara? Spareribs recommended it to me.
Shark Man: Oh, if you've never been you should definitely give it a try. It's crazy good, for real.
Shark Man: Oh, come on! Of course sharks eat meat too, man!
Shark Man: Don't tell Spareribs I said this, but I really love that tender harami! I eat that stuff all the time.
Shark Man: ...Wait, what? Are we already recording?
Shark Man: Uhm... when is this going to be broadcast? I'm gonna have to take Spareribs out or something.

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! There are a whole lot of brands out there that use animals for their mascots or in their logos, right?
Professor Dave: Do you remember the terrorist hijacking incident at the Vancouver International Airport depicted back in The Labyrinth of Grisaia?
Professor Dave: Well, over there in Canada, they've got a naval warship with a beaver for a mascot!
Professor Dave: What do you think of that? Pretty crazy, right?
Professor Dave: By the way, Frontwing's mascots are named "Front-chan" and "Wing-kun"!
Professor Dave: If any of you kids didn't know that, feel free to tweet it out with the hashtag #davefacts!

JB: Here! I bought you one!
Narration: *Breathing roughly through her nose, JB slams a toothbrush down on the desk in front of me.*
Narration: *The woman's always had something of a hysterical side, I guess... but there's a perfectly valid reason for this seemingly odd little outburst.*
Narration: *To explain, we'll have to go back 13 hours from now...*
JB: Have you gotten used to living here yet?
Yuuji: Hm, well... more or less.
JB: If we're missing anything, just let me know, okay? I'll pick up whatever you need.
Yuuji: Uh, let's see... Oh, right. How about a firmer toothbrush? Yours is way too soft.
JB: ...What?
Yuuji: I like the kind with stiffer bristles. It's not that big a deal, though. I can just buy one at the convenience store...
JB: Uh, hold on, that's not the issue here. Look, Yuuji... Did you use my toothbrush? The one that belongs to me? To brush your teeth?
Yuuji: You said I could use anything in the apartment, didn't you...? Was it off-limits?
JB: Gaaah!! I was so sure everyone had their own!! To think my own common sense would betray me!!
Yuuji: Sorry, JB...
JB: Fine... A toothbrush... Got it... I'll go get you one... with stiffer bristles...
Narration: *Which brings us to now.*
Narration: *I'm still in the dark as to why it made her so angry, given how close the two of us are... but there's something even more confusing about this.*
Yuuji: Why'd you buy two?
JB: This blue one is yours. And this yellow one is mine.
Yuuji: I see.
Yuuji: So... why'd you buy two?
JB: Were you listening to me!? I did explain just now, right!?
Yuuji: You explained which one is mine, but not why you bought two.
Yuuji: You still have the one you were using before, right? Why bother buying a brand new one?
JB: What do you expect...? You used the thing...
Yuuji: ...Oh.
Narration: *She got rid of it just because I used it? Do I disgust her that much...?*
Narration: *I kind of thought she was relatively fond of me, for all her complaining...*
JB: Just to be perfectly clear, it's not like I hate you or anything.
Yuuji: ...How did you know what I was thinking?
JB: Well, it was written all over your face...
Yuuji: Was it...?
JB: I don't want there to be any misunderstandings, so for the record... this isn't really about you. It's more of a personal issue for me.
Yuuji: What does that mean?
JB: Well... I do have a bit of a girlish side, you know?
Yuuji: "Girlish"...?
JB: What? You have an objection?
Yuuji: ...No, not really...
JB: Why did you pause before answering...?
Yuuji: Anyway, as for the toothbrush... if you're not going to use the old one, mind if I do? It's still perfectly good. Feels like a waste to throw it away.
Narration: *Back when I was living with Asako, she'd often grab my toothbrush in the morning when she was only half awake.*
Narration: *It basically forced me to use her toothbrush instead. No matter how much toothpaste I dumped on top of that thing, it always tasted of nicotine... couldn't help grimacing when I put it in my mouth.*
Narration: *But when I thought of that as Asako's "flavor," it actually made it more tolerable somehow.*
Narration: *Man, that really brings me back...*
Narration: *JB's toothbrush, by comparison, had a hint of sweetness to it.*
Narration: *Was that the flavor of her spit, maybe...?*
Narration: *I haven't kissed her in a long time, so I don't remember all that clearly... but it did feel a little familiar.*
JB: That thing's too soft for you, isn't it? I went out of my way to buy you this, so you might as well use it.
Yuuji: Yeah, the bristles are a bit too soft... but I liked the flavor.
JB: The flavor...? Isn't that just coming from the toothpaste?
Yuuji: No, that's more of a citrusy taste... this is your flavor, JB. It's sort of a subtle sweetness.
JB: ...Pardon?
Yuuji: We used to kiss a lot, remember? It reminds me of the way your mouth tasted.
JB: Use this one! Just... use this one, all right!?!
Yuuji: Are you going to kiss me instead, then?
JB: Where on earth did that come from!?
Yuuji: Haven't you been paying attention to the way this conversation is going? Do you want me to spell it out for you?
JB: That isn't necessary!
Yuuji: Well, maybe not. But I don't want there to be any misunderstandings, so I guess I should put it more clearly.
Yuuji: I want to use that toothbrush because I like the way you taste, JB.
JB: ......
JB: *Siiiigh*... Fine, fine...
JB: I'll give you a kiss, so close your eyes.
Narration: *As JB speaks those words, her eyes go watery with emotion.*
Narration: *She's probably assumed that I'm thinking about Asako, and made this request out of nostalgia.*
Narration: *I don't think that's the case, but... I don't know. Maybe she's right, actually.*
Narration: *At the very least, I did remember Asako in the course of the conversation. I'm just not sure if that's why I said what I did.*
Narration: *You'd think I'd be able to understand the workings of my own mind, at least.*
Narration: *As if to deliberately disrupt my thoughts even further, JB abruptly presses her lips to mine.*
JB: Nnf... *smack*... *smaaack*...
Narration: *It's a gentle kiss, but there's some passion behind it.*
Yuuji: ...I hadn't actually closed my eyes yet, you know.
JB: Wasn't that a silent refusal...?
Yuuji: Ah, right. Guess you could interpret it that way...
JB: Yep.
Narration: *Before this slight pause can stretch out too long, we both move our faces forward and find each other's mouths.*
JB: Fwah... nn... *smack* *smack*... nn, fwah... *kiss*...
Narration: *Slipping my tongue through JB's slightly-parted lips, I entwine it slightly with hers.*
JB: Nmh... nmm, nnfh... fwaah, nn... hngh, nuh...
Narration: *Apparently a bit surprised by this, JB twitches slightly... but soon retaliates in kind.*
JB: Nnn... hahn... lrp, nffh, nh... nn... nn... nnn, haaa...
Narration: *As our tongues tangle, we exchange spit... briefly savoring the taste before swallowing it, little by little.*
Narration: *And when the supply runs out, we return to each other's mouths for more.*
JB: Fhnn... ah, fuh... nnrh, nnn... ahn... Slow down a little... nnngh...
Narration: *JB murmurs a few words of protest in between our kisses, causing spittle to dribble out of the side of her mouth.*
Narration: *I provide her with some of my saliva to compensate for the loss. Abandoning her attempt to speak, she quietly gulps it down.*
JB: Nn, nnn... hahn... nn, fwaah... haaa... Good grief... You're always so forceful...
Yuuji: ...Am I?
JB: That puzzled look would be more convincing if you weren't groping my tits right now...
Yuuji: When a woman presses her breasts up against a man as they kiss, I think he's always going to want to start groping them.
JB: What kind of a theory is that...? Nnnh!
Narration: *As JB looks up at me with exasperation in her eyes, I press my lips to hers once again.*
JB: Nnm, nn... nmm... nnn, fuhn... nn, nnn... nn, ah... hold on a second, time out...
Narration: *But as I wrap my tongue around hers and try to push her down, she shoves me backward.*
Yuuji: C'mon... You're not going to call it off after we've come this far, are you...?
JB: No, of course not...
JB: We shouldn't do it out here, that's all.
Yuuji: ...Which room would you prefer?
JB: Let's see... mine, I think.
Yuuji: All right.
Narration: *JB's room turns out to be more clean than I expected.*
Narration: *In fact, it's so orderly that it doesn't really feel like anyone actually lives in it.*
Narration: *Seems entirely possible that she only uses it as a place to sleep.*
Narration: *Deciding it might be rude to spend too much time looking around, I drop down onto the needlessly large bed.*
Narration: *JB comes to follow me... but then pauses just beforehand.*
JB: Ah. I'm going to get my suit all wrinkled, aren't I...?
Narration: *The woman's oddly cool-headed about this...*
Narration: *It really has been a long time since we did it in that little cabin in the woods, hasn't it...?*
Narration: *As I'm vaguely thinking about that, JB starts unbuttoning her blouse without taking off her jacket.*
Narration: *Not sure why she's undressing in such a peculiar order, but something about it kind of turns me on.*
Narration: *Through her open blouse, I get a glimpse of her bare skin and her brassiere... and I find myself feeling increasingly impatient.*
Yuuji: JB.
JB: Huh...? Kya!
Narration: *Wrapping my arms around JB, I drag her forcibly down to the bed.*
Yuuji: You can just send it out to the cleaners if it gets wrinkled, right?
JB: Easy for you to say. With my work schedule, it's hard to find the time to pick... nnnh!
JB: Nnfh... haah... nn... *smack*...
Narration: *I push my mouth to JB's, as if to silence her... and squeeze her tightly in my arms, to convey that I'm not about to let her go.*
JB: Nnn... Geez, were you really that eager...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Narration: *JB's face softens slightly at my reply.*
Narration: *It only lasts for a moment... but the image lingers in my mind afterward.*
JB: Honestly... what am I going to do with you...?
Narration: *Speaking to me gently now, JB reaches out toward my groin.*
JB: Ah... you've gotten bigger already...
Yuuji: Well, yeah... although I'm not fully erect yet...
JB: Huh...?
Yuuji: We stopped there for a minute, right? I've softened up a little by now.
JB: I-I see...
Yuuji: ?
Narration: *It's not like the woman's a virgin or anything. Why's she acting so awkward all of a sudden...?*
Narration: *Wait... *
Yuuji: JB... don't tell me I'm still the only person you've ever had sex with?
JB: ...I-I don't even know what you're talking about.
Yuuji: I see. Not getting any action, huh...?
JB: Excuse me? Are you even listening to what I'm saying!?
Yuuji: Well, I was listening... but it's incredibly obvious that you're lying, you know...?
JB: Guhh...
JB: F-For the record, I was just too busy with work to get a boyfriend, all right? It's not like I haven't had anyone hit on me!
Yuuji: Don't worry. You're a fine woman, JB... I'm well aware of that.
JB: ......
Narration: *She's tall and buxom. She can be a little overprotective, but she's a thoughtful, caring person. And although she's got a sloppy side, she really knows how to cook.*
Narration: *Whatever her faults... her virtues more than outweigh them.*
Narration: *Hard to believe I took the virginity of such a fine woman, honestly...*
JB: Ah... did you just... get a little harder...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Just remembering the first time we made love.
JB: W-Why are you remembering that!?
Yuuji: Why...? Because I'm thinking about you, obviously.
JB: H-Hold on... don't say that... now I'm not even sure how to respond...
Narration: *Oh, please... if I hadn't said something of the sort, you probably would have sulked up a storm...*
Narration: *No reason to point that out now and get the woman all defensive, though.*
Yuuji: JB...
JB: W-What?
Yuuji: If I'm the only person you've ever done this with, you probably don't know how to take the lead... want me to do it instead?
JB: Nice of you to offer, but... that's all right.
JB: I want to do this for you. That's the only reason I'm doing it.
Yuuji: That a fact?
JB: Yes.
Narration: *JB seems to have figured out her own motivations in the course of this exchange. I no longer see any hint of uncertainty or embarrassment in her expression.*
Narration: *Slowly and gently, she begins to rub my cock through my pants.*
JB: Let me know if it starts to hurt, okay...?
Yuuji: Of course.
Narration: *The fact that I still have my pants on doesn't help, but JB's movements are so gentle that this actually feels more like "teasing" than anything else.*
Narration: *Still, she's obviously devoting her attention to pleasuring me... and that makes it way more enjoyable than it otherwise would be.*
JB: I-I'd appreciate it if you didn't stare at my face like that...
Yuuji: Okay.
Narration: *Lowering my gaze somewhat, I focus on JB's bountiful breasts, pressed up tightly against my body.*
Narration: *Hrm. Definitely a sight for sore eyes.*
JB: O-Okay, that's kind of worse, in a way...
JB: You know, it really isn't fair that I'm the only one embarrassed about this... Why don't you start feeling the same way?
Narration: *With this remark, JB abruptly pulls down my zipper and sticks her hand into my pants.*
Narration: *The woman can be weirdly brazen when she wants to be...*
Narration: *After fumbling around for a moment, she manages to pull my now fully-erect cock out.*
JB: ......
Narration: *Staring down at my penis intently, JB begins to slowly caress it.*
JB: Hard to believe... something this big and hard was actually inside me...
Narration: *Okay... Instead of trying to pleasure me, she seems to be studying the shape of my dick...*
JB: Wow... Look at how thick these blood vessels are...
JB: So this is what the glans is like, huh...?
Yuuji: JB... Isn't that enough teasing for now?
JB: Ah. R-Right, of course.
JB: ...I'm going to get started, okay?
Yuuji: Go ahead.
Narration: *After this cautious warning, JB wraps her hand more firmly around my penis.*
Narration: *Her supple fingers begin to move gently up and down, slowly stroking my shaft.*
JB: Nnn... nnh... nn...
Narration: *JB's hand feels a little cold... somehow, I think she might be kind of nervous.*
JB: I've only rubbed your penis a little bit... but it's already getting harder...
JB: That means... you're enjoying this, right?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *I'd say it feels more "pleasant" than stimulating right now, but it's definitely an enjoyable sensation.*
JB: Okay then... guess I'll stroke you a bit more...
JB: Nn... nn... haah... nn... nnn...
Narration: *Apparently somewhat reassured, JB begins moving her hand more quickly.*
JB: Ah... it's getting a little wet now...
Yuuji: Wet...?
Narration: *Tearing my eyes away from JB's tits to glance at my own crotch, I confirm that my cock's already letting out a bit of pre-come.*
Narration: *Her breasts are definitely an appealing sight, but watching those slender fingers awkwardly stroking my dick is pretty enjoyable as well.*
JB: Nnfh... your penis keeps twitching around, Yuuji... I'm going to grip it a little tighter, okay?
Yuuji: That's fine...
JB: Nn... nn... nnfh... nnn... nn...
Yuuji: Guh...
Narration: *Asako's hands were always kind of rough and rugged, but JB's are really soft... it makes every stroke feel nice...*
Narration: *Of course, JB's the person I'm here with now. I shouldn't even be comparing her to another woman...*
Narration: *I understand that on some level... but I find myself thinking about Asako anyway.*
Narration: *Aah... Damn it...!*
Narration: *Deciding to focus my attention solely on JB, I lift up her face with my hand and press my lips to hers.*
JB: Nnn!? W-What are you doi... Nmm, nnfh... nn, *smack*, kuh, *smack*...
JB: *Smack*, nnn... haah... haa... Honestly, what am I going to do with you...? Nnn... *smack*, *kiss*, nn, *kiss*...
Narration: *The forceful kiss clearly takes JB by surprise... but she still responds to it in her own slightly awkward way.*
Narration: *I can taste a bit of blood in my mouth. Must have cut her lip with my teeth or something.*
Narration: *Even so, I press forward, demanding more.*
Narration: *JB accepts this as best she can... and continues stroking my penis as she does so.*
JB: Fwaha, nn, *smack*... *smack*, nnn... haahn... *kiss*, *kiss*... nn, *smack*... *kiss*, nnn...
Narration: *Probably as a result of her inexperience, kissing and giving a handjob simultaneously seems to be a little difficult for JB. Sometimes her grasp on my penis grows weak; sometimes she squeezes it too forcefully.*
Narration: *But those brief moments of painful pressure actually serve as a nice jolt of stimulation... so despite her clumsiness, I'm actually getting harder and harder.*
Narration: *Come to think of it... first time I got in the bath with Asako, she actually bit me on the head... and then...*
Narration: *Damn it. I'm thinking about Asako again...*
Narration: *The time I spent with her... and the pleasure we shared... occupies too much real estate in my brain. Even the smallest things can get me reminiscing about her...*
JB: ...Am I hurting you, Yuuji?
Yuuji: No, it feels good... why do you ask?
JB: Well... From the look on your face, I'd think you were in pain...
Yuuji: ...I see.
JB: If you're enjoying this, then try to let it show, okay?
Narration: *Pressing her breasts even harder against me, JB sticks out her tongue and starts to lick my lips.*
Narration: *A small, sharp pain follows, and I realize it was my lips that were cut earlier, not hers.*
JB: Nn, fuh... hahn... nn... *slurp*... nn, nnn...
Yuuji: Mind if I kiss you too, JB...?
JB: What's the point of asking for permission now? You already forced one on me earlier.
Yuuji: True enough, I guess...
Narration: *Sticking out my own tongue, I entangle it with JB's.*
Narration: *It's a calmer kiss than the one we shared before; I can feel a sense of warmth growing in my chest.*
JB: ...Well, your expression's improved a little, at least.
Yuuji: I mean... it does feel nice to kiss you while you're stroking my dick, JB.
JB: In that case, I'll keep on kissing you... nmm, nn... *smack*... *kiss*, nn... nnf, nn, nnn...
Narration: *Probably thanks to the lubricating effect of my precome, JB's grip on my penis grows steadier and more firm.*
Narration: *It feels damn good all on its own... but even more so when combined with a kiss.*
Yuuji: Guh...
JB: Hm...? Here? You like it when I rub the glans like that?
Yuuji: Yeah.
JB: Okay then. Guess I'll keep it up...
JB: Nn, *smack*... kuh... *kiss*, haaahn... nn, nnfh, nn... *smack*, nnn...
Narration: *To be honest, it doesn't feel that good when she just rubs the head of my cock.*
Narration: *But although JB's a beginner at giving handjobs, and it definitely shows... she tends to change up the speed and strength of her strokes in completely unpredictable ways.*
Narration: *Those sudden bursts of pleasure have brought me to the edge of climax a few times already.*
JB: Haa... haa... Yuuji, are you... about ready to come?
Yuuji: ...What makes you think that?
JB: Well, you're not kissing me as much as before.
Narration: *Damn... the woman's too perceptive sometimes...*
JB: If that really is the case... then go right ahead. There's no need to hold back.
Yuuji: ...Fine.
Yuuji: Keep on stroking it like that, okay...?
JB: Sure...
Narration: *JB smiles gently at me, but as she brings her face back to mine, I lose sight of her expression.*
JB: Nm, nf... *smack*, nn, nn... haa... haah, nn... *kiss*, *smack*, nn... nn, nnn... haa, nn...
Narration: *The saliva flowing into my mouth... the warmth of her skin against mine... the softness of her breasts... it all feels amazing.*
Narration: *Slowly but steadily, I can feel myself approaching a climax.*
JB: Nn, fwaah... haah... your penis is getting harder and harder, isn't it...?
Yuuji: Hey, don't stop the kissing all of a sudden.
JB: Nmmh!? Nm, *smack*, *kiss*... hah, nn... 'eah, I know...
JB: *Kiss*, nn... fwah... *smack*, nn... haa... Look, my arm's geh'ing tired... hurry up and come alreahy... *kiss*, nnn... nn, nn...
Yuuji: Okay, that's really not the sexiest way you could have put that...
JB: Nn, *smack*.. nha, sorry... did it turn you off?
Yuuji: No. I'm about ready to come.
JB: Okay then... go right ahead.
JB: Nmm, *smack*, *kiss*... nnf, nn... *smack*, nn, nhaa... haa... *smack*, nnn, nn... hah, nnn...!
Narration: *Probably because the end's nearly at hand, JB kisses me even more vigorously than before.*
Narration: *Her hand, too, squeezes my penis with even greater ferocity... and within moments, I reach my climax.*
JB: Kya!
Narration: *JB lets out a startled yelp at the sudden surge of semen, but she doesn't let go of my cock.*
JB: Wow... your penis is pulsing like crazy, Yuuji...
JB: I can actually feel the semen travelling through it...
Narration: *Indifferent to the fact that she's gotten my come all over her suit, JB murmurs to herself in a sultry tone of voice.*
JB: I didn't know men could ejaculate quite this much...
Yuuji: Hm...?
Yuuji: Ah, right. I guess I only came inside you the first time around, huh?
JB: ......
Yuuji: Hey... don't grip it that hard. Kinda hurts...
JB: Well, you made me remember what happened, and it got me a bit pissed off...
Yuuji: C'mon, I was just a kid back then...
JB: You're still basically a kid now, you know...?
Narration: *JB's eyelids droop slightly as she speaks, and the painful force of her grip slowly weakens.*
JB: ...In any case... For all your complaining, your penis still seems to be erect...
Yuuji: Well, of course. When I've got this fine a woman in front of me, I'm not going to throw in the towel until I've actually made love to her.
JB: ...B-Buttering me up isn't going to get you anything, you know?
Yuuji: That's all right. The only thing I want right now is you.
JB: ......
Yuuji: So... can I fuck you now?
JB: Oh, come on! Read the room a little! You were doing so well, too!!
Yuuji: Sorry, but I'm not sure I understand what you're upset about...
JB: Why not!?
Yuuji: I mean, I actually asked your permission and everything, right? All things considered, I thought I did pretty well...
JB: Well, I guess you've made some progress compared to last time, yes...
Yuuji: So anyway, feel like answering my question yet?
JB: Haa... you've kind of spoiled the mood, but... ah!
Yuuji: What's wrong?
JB: I probably should have thought of this earlier, but... I don't actually have any condoms on me...
Yuuji: No kidding...?
Yuuji: Guess I'll just have to put it in your ass, then.
JB: Why!? Can you explain how you arrived at that conclusion, please!?
Yuuji: Well, if I can't use your pussy... your asshole's the next best thing, right?
JB: Your logic is seriously messed up!
Yuuji: Is it? I used to have anal sex with Asako all the time, you know?
JB: Don't compare me to Asako! I'm a delicate flower! 
Narration: *As we speak these words, JB and I both avert our eyes from each other.*
Narration: *What the hell are we doing, anyway...?*
JB: *Siiiigh*... Oh, whatever... forget it...
Yuuji: Yeah, okay... Maybe we should just call it a day...
JB: That's not what I meant. You can put it in.
Yuuji: In your asshole?
JB: No! In my pussy!
Yuuji: But you don't have any condoms, right?
JB: Well, no... but this is a safe day for me, so I'll make a special exception. You can do me raw...
Yuuji: Oh yeah...?
Yuuji: In that case, let's make a fresh start of it...
JB: A fresh start...? Nmoh! Nmm, nff... haah, nnn... nuh, *smack*... nn, nmm... *smack*...
Narration: *Pressing my lips to JB's, I stick my tongue deep into her mouth.*
Narration: *After sliding my tongue across the top of hers, I turn my attention to its sides and bottom, coating it thoroughly in my saliva.*
JB: If you're going to do something like that... nn, fwah... then at least say so in advance... nn, *smack*, nkuh, nnn... hahn, *smack*...
Yuuji: Does it really make a difference in the end if I give you a warning beforehand?
JB: *Slurrp*, nn... haa... Yes. Women's minds work in different ways from yours, all right...?
Yuuji: Hrm, I see. Well, in that case, sorry for... nngh! Hey, don't push your spit into my mouth while I'm trying to talk.
JB: Nmm, *kiss*... I didn't do it on purpose... Nn, haa... You spent so much time fondling my tongue that my mouth was full of saliva...
Yuuji: Guess I'd better help you out with that, then...
JB: Help me out...? Nmm! Nph, haah, nn... *smack*... haphn, nn... ha, haa... nnnh! Ah, aah...
Narration: *Prying open JB's mouth, I suck the saliva off her tongue.*
Narration: *Unlike the sweeter flavor of her toothbrush, her spit's tinged with the slightly bitter taste of coffee.*
Narration: *Kind of weird that I'm only noticing that now, after all the kissing we've already done. Smiling internally, I slowly release my grip on JB's tongue.*
JB: Ha, haa... haa... nn, haaa...
Narration: *I look into her eyes, finding them full of passion... And then roll out from underneath her, rotating myself above.*
JB: You want to be on top, Yuuji...? I can take the lead if you want...
Yuuji: That's going to be hard from this point on, I think. And, uh...
JB: Ah... You think I'm heavy, is that it? Well, for your information, my BMI was below-average as of our most recent physical.
Yuuji: Oh, come on. I carry heavy stuff all the time... you think I'm going to complain about having a single woman lying on top of me?
JB: ...Why are we changing positions, then?
Yuuji: Well... if you leaned forward on top of me, that shaggy blond hair of yours would get in my face, right? That'd probably be a turn off.
JB: I'm going to knock you senseless!!
Yuuji: Wait, why!?
JB: Do you really not know the answer to that question!?
Yuuji: I just wanted to enjoy making love to you fully, without getting distracted by anything... that's all...
JB: ......
JB: ...W-Well, you could have just said that in the first place.
Yuuji: Not sure I really get it, but... sorry if I was inconsiderate.
JB: It's fine. Forget about it.
JB: Still, I'd appreciate it if you stopped calling my hair "shaggy." It kind of pisses me off.
Yuuji: All right. How about I call it "scruffy" from now on?
JB: That's not what I was looking for!!
JB: Argh, honestly! You've completely ruined the mood all over again!
Yuuji: Damn, oh well... guess we'll have to restart from the beginning...
JB: "Oh well"!? Are you... nn! *Smack*... nnfh... *kiss*... haa.. nn, nn... *kiss*...
JB: Honestly... you idiot... nn, *smack*... hahn... *kiss*, nn...
Narration: *Well, JB's kissing me back now... maybe that's my cue.*
Narration: *Maybe it wouldn't hurt to take a bit more time to build up to this. But honestly, I want to have sex with her right now... So I push my penis inside her in the middle of our kiss.*
JB: Nn... fwooh...! Hey, don't just jam it inside me like that, you jerk... didn't we go over this!? You're supposed to say "I'm putting it in" or something first!
Yuuji: Man... It really does feel good inside you, JB...
JB: Okay, listen to me when I'm speaking!
Yuuji: Right, right. Sorry. I just couldn't wait to have sex with you...
JB: ...Nice try, but I'm not going to forgive you that easily...
Yuuji: Oh, really...?
Yuuji: ...Want me to pull it out and take this from the top, then?
JB: No, it's fine...
Narration: *JB lets out a small sigh of resignation... and I feel the sticky walls of her vagina gently squeezing down on me.*
Yuuji: I guess it's been a couple years since you had a man inside you... feeling okay, JB?
JB: If you were going to be considerate, I wish you'd done it a little earlier...
Yuuji: Hmm... Sounds like you're holding up okay...
JB: Yes... I think your penis is on the bigger side, so I'm feeling a bit of pressure... but it doesn't really hurt.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Pressure, huh...?*
Narration: *Until she gets used to having me inside her, I should probably take things slow and avoid pushing in too deeply.*
Narration: *Just as these thoughts are running through my mind, JB reaches up and wraps her arms around my head.*
Yuuji: JB...?
JB: Do you... not like this sort of thing?
Yuuji: No, I wouldn't say that. Just wondering where it came from.
JB: Unless I hold you like this, I feel like... Well, never mind.
Yuuji: Hey, don't stop in the middle of a sentence... Now it's gonna bug me.
JB: ...Just thought I'd give you a little affection, that's all.
Yuuji: Hm... Okay...
Narration: *For a moment, there's a hint of loneliness in the tone of JB's voice... so I think there's more to it than that. But...*
Yuuji: In that case... I'd be happy to indulge.
Narration: *I lean down toward JB, careful not to place too much weight on her body... and begin to slowly move my hips.*
JB: Nn! Ah, ahf... nn... ah, ah... haah... nn... ah...
Narration: *Thrusting slowly at a slight angle, I try to spread open the inside of her vagina to lessen any pain she might be feeling.*
JB: Hahhn... ah, aah... nnn... this feels kind of strange...
Yuuji: ...What do you mean?
JB: Last time... it hurt, and I was embarrassed, and it felt good... and all that got so jumbled up in my head that I couldn't even think straight... but this time, it just feels pleasant...
Yuuji: Same here, actually.
Yuuji: Being inside you is kind of comforting, JB... it's a really nice feeling...
JB: Guh...
Narration: *There's a small ripple in the walls of JB's vagina; a moment later, they wrap themselves around my cock.*
Narration: *Thanks to a slow trickle of lubricating fluid, their wriggling movements are starting to feel less "comforting" and more pleasurable.*
JB: Nn... haa... ah, haa... aaah... nn... ah, ah... ahhn...
Narration: *JB seems to be starting to enjoy this as well, judging by the increasingly passionate tone of her voice.*
Narration: *The growing heat and wetness inside her makes my movements easier; I find myself picking up the pace.*
JB: Fwwaaaah...! Haah, ahn... nn, aah, ah... n-no way... why... nn, is this already feeling so good...? Ahn!
Yuuji: JB... let go of my head, would you?
JB: Ha, aah... nn... w-why...?
Yuuji: Because I want to see the expression on your face right now.
JB: ...! Nnn... ah, ah... you're just making me want... to hold on tighter...
Yuuji: Why?
JB: Ah, hah... haah... Isn't that obvious...? Nnah, aah... letting you see me like this... nn, haa... would be incredibly embarrassing...
Yuuji: It's nothing I haven't seen before, you know. I got a good look the first time...
JB: Haa... ahh, nn... it's not about how many times you've seen it... aah, hah, aah... it's about how I feel right now...
Yuuji: Well, all right...
Narration: *It's definitely a disappointment that I can't see JB's face contort with pleasure... but throwing a fit and making her upset isn't going to get me anywhere.*
Narration: *Right now... more than anything in the world, I just want to keep making love to her.*
Yuuji: But in exchange... let me hear lots more of those sweet moans, all right?
JB: ...!?
JB: Nn... kuhhn... hah, nnn... nn, haa... haaa... ah, nnn... nnn... ah, nn...
Narration: *...Seems like I shot myself in the foot again.*
Narration: *Wasn't expecting the woman to squeeze her mouth shut like that...*
Narration: *All right, JB. If that's how you want to play it... I'll just have to fight back.*
JB: Fwaah!? Ah, haa... aaaah...! W-Wait... ahn... don't move so fast... hyaah, aah! I'm going to... make noises... ahn!
Yuuji: Come on, JB... just focus on the pleasure...
JB: Eee! Nff, haa... ah, haa, aaah! Ah, nn, aaah... w-wait, you're rubbing too hard... nngh!
Narration: *By this point, it seems I've lit a fire inside JB. I can make out beads of sweat on the surface of her flushed white skin.*
Narration: *As I thrust against her, the smell of her body tickles at my nose, growing stronger by the moment.*
Yuuji: Ah... that's JB's scent, all right...
JB: Nhah, ah... h-hey... aah, aah... stop... smelling me... nnn!
Yuuji: JB's flavor...
JB: Hyaaah!? Ah, aaah... nn, aaah... w-why are you licking my... hyeee... my neck...? Aah, aah...
Yuuji: JB's ears...
JB: ...!? Aah, nn... d-don't lick... my ears... hyaah! Ah, aaah... haahn... s-stop ignoring me, or... aahn! Ah! Ah!
JB: Haa, ha... t-time out for a minute... aah, hahn... you're doing too much at once. My head can't keep up with it all... aaah, ah, haah, nnn!
Yuuji: JB...
JB: Fwaah, ah, aaaah... y-you're moving... nnngh, too fast again...! Aah, aah... haa, ahn! Aaaaah...
JB: Ha, ah, nnn...! Haa... o-oh no... nn, aah... this is starting to feel... even better... aah, aah... I'm going to lose my mind...!
Narration: *As JB's voice trembles sweetly against my ear, I feel the caressing walls of her vagina suddenly begin to wriggle and writhe.*
JB: Ahh, nn, aah... haa, aaaaah...! Fwaah, aah, ahn! Aaah! Ah, hah! Nnn! Aaaaah!!
Narration: *JB's grip around my head strengthens, and her moans grow sharper and more high-pitched.*
Narration: *Realizing that she's approaching a climax, I pick up the pace, trying to reach my own orgasm.*
JB: Haaah! Ah, nnn....! Aah, nn... i-it feels too good... aaah! W-When you rub against my walls like that... ahn! Aaah! Ah! Ah!
JB: Nnfh... haa! Aaah! N-No...! Hyaah, aaah! I'm... going to come! Aaah! I'm coming...! Aaaaah!
Yuuji: JB...!
JB: Aaah! Ah, hah! Nn! I'm coming! Aah! I'm... aah! I'm comiiing!!!
Narration: *As JB shrieks, the walls of her vagina clamp tightly down on me, practically squeezing out a giant load of semen.*
JB: Aaah, ah, hah... nn, nnn... your come's... flowing into me...!
Narration: *I wasn't that deeply inside her, so there should be plenty of space back there... but nonetheless, a good amount of semen flows back out past my cock.*
Narration: *Aah... looks like we got this nice pricey bed dirty...*
Narration: *Hope JB doesn't chew me out about that later.*
Narration: *Not really the sort of thing you'd usually think about while relishing the lingering pleasure of an orgasm, but...*
JB: Nnn... ha... haaa... you're still... nn... squirtin' it out... ah... inside me...
Narration: *Her speech slurring in a slightly peculiar way, JB lets her arms go limp.*
Narration: *I think every muscle in her body's relaxed all at once, actually. Her vagina releases its tight hold on my cock... allowing more semen to trickle down and out.*
JB: Nn... your come's running down my butt... Ah... it kinda tickles...
Yuuji: Sorry, JB...
JB: ...Why are you apologizing all of a sudden?
Yuuji: Well, I didn't ask if it was all right to come inside you.
JB: Don't be silly... we're doing it raw, so it doesn't really matter either way.
Yuuji: Ah... right.
Yuuji: In that case, you don't mind if I come inside you again next time?
JB: One round wasn't enough, huh...? Guess I shouldn't be surprised...
Yuuji: Of course it wasn't enough. I'm having sex with you, after all.
JB: ...You're such an idiot...
Narration: *Murmuring in a gentle tone of voice, JB embraces me once again.*
JB: Go right ahead, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...This time I'm going to go all the way inside, okay?
JB: Huh...?
Narration: *Ignoring the small sound of confusion JB just made, I push my cock all the way to the back of her semen-clogged pussy.*
JB: Nwooooooooooooooh!?
Narration: *Pushing through the come still remaining at the back, I reach the entrance to her womb.*
Yuuji: You did come once already, but it's still not easy making it all the way inside you...
JB: Nn... ah...? What was that just now...?
Yuuji: Oh, you mean this?
JB: Hyaah!? Aah! Hah... nnn...!
Narration: *When I rub the head of my cock up against her womb, JB moans loudly and wriggles her hips.*
Yuuji: That would be the very back of your pussy... the entrance to your womb.
JB: Nn! Haa... ahh, nn... d-don't... grind up against it like tha... haaaahn!!
Yuuji: When I rub it like this, you squeeze down on me real tight... it feels amazing...
JB: Uh, ah, ahh... s-stop it... aah, haah... if you keep rubbing like that... my waist's going to give out... aah, aaah...
Yuuji: Now that you mention it... after the first time we made love, you couldn't even sit up for a while, right?
Yuuji: Are you gonna let me see you lose all your self-control again, JB?
JB: Fwaah, aah... hahhhn! D-Don't start... moving... before I can even answer...!
Yuuji: Oh...? Your pussy's getting even stickier now, JB. Finally decided to really lubricate itself, huh?
JB: Haa, haa... nn, ah, aah! Seriously... you need to listen to me... nnngh!
Yuuji: It feels... so damn good inside you, Julia...
JB: *Squeak*!?
Yuuji: ...! You're clamping down on me again...?
JB: Aaahn... ha, haa, aah... it was bad enough... when you were going after the back... hyah, ah... but now you're rubbing against my walls, too!? Ah, aaah...!
Yuuji: I'm not really doing anything in particular, Julia. If it feels that way to you, it's probably because you're squeezing down really hard on me.
JB: Haah, ah, nnn... that's not, tr... hyaah, nn! Ah, aaah... haa, aah, aaah!
Narration: *Julia's chest is still pressed close to mine; I can hear her heart pounding away frantically.*
Narration: *When I focus on the sound, it almost feels as if I'm sharing her pleasure. My body and mind grow warmer and warmer by the second.*
Yuuji: Julia... I want to press my cock up against your womb and come right into it...
JB: ...*Squeeeeak*...!!
Yuuji: You just imagined that and came a little, didn't you?
JB: ...! Ah, haa... nn, don't ask me... such weird questions... nn! Aaaah!
Yuuji: We're going to come together next time, okay...?
JB: Fwaah! Ah, haaah! Aah, hah, you're moving... so... hyee! Aah! Haa! Aaaaah!
JB: Nn, hah! Haa... aah! Aaah! Ah! Y-You keep poking... all the way at the back... ah, aah! Aaaaah!
Yuuji: It feels so damn good inside you, Julia...
JB: Aaah! Hah, ah! N-Not again...! Hya, aaah! I'm going to... come again...!
Yuuji: Hold on just a little longer...
JB: Haaa, nnngh! How am I supposed to do that... nn, aah... when you're moving this fast...!?
JB: Ah! Ah! Haaah! Nn, aaah! I can't hold it! I can't! Aaaaaah!
JB: I'm... comiiiing!!!
Narration: *In the instant Julia reaches a screaming climax, her vagina squirms and twitches forcefully around me.*
Narration: *As an orgasm rushes up suddenly inside me, I slap my hips forcefully forward... and press the head of my cock to the very back of her pussy.*
JB: AaaaaaAaaaaaaaAA!?
Narration: *I ejaculate fiercely into the mouth of her womb at point-blank range, and her scream transforms into a shriek.*
JB: Ah, aaah... this is... too much... haa, aah... my womb's... melting...
Narration: *Julia stutters out a complaint, her waist trembling weakly... but I'm not about to pull my hips backward.*
JB: Ah... ah... hahn... ha... haa... haa... haaa... hyaah!?
Narration: *When my ejaculation's finally over, I press the head of my cock against the mouth of her womb again, rubbing my semen into it.*
JB: Nwoh... aah, ah... ah, aaah...
Narration: *And once this "marking" ritual is over... I finally let my body relax.*
JB: Haa... haa... it's finally... over, right?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *All of a sudden, I find myself feeling drowsy. Having sex for the first time in a while seems to have worn me out... or maybe it's just that the familiar smell and warmth of Julia's body are oddly comforting.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, I didn't get much sleep last night either...*
JB: ...Yuuji?
Yuuji: Hm?
JB: You got very quiet all of a sudden... is everything all right?
Yuuji: Makes it sound like... I'm some rambunctious brat who normally never shuts up...
Yuuji: I'm just feeling a little drowsy, that's all.
JB: Go ahead and fall asleep, then.
Yuuji: You sure about that? I'm pretty heavy...
JB: Oh, please. You think I'm going to complain about having a single man lying on top of me?
Yuuji: You know, that line sounds kind of familiar...
JB: Well... I'm just as "strong" as a certain tough guy, in my way.
Yuuji: Yeah... I guess so...
JB: C'mon, don't try to talk if you're sleepy. Let's say good night...
Yuuji: Okay...
Narration: *Closing my eyes... I let myself sink down onto Julia's body.*
Narration: *Her softness... her warmth... her smell... the sound of her heartbeat... they're all so reassuring...*
Yuuji: Julia...
JB: What?
Yuuji: When I wake up, can I make love to you again?
JB: Sure. As long as I don't need to be getting ready for work.
Narration: *With that gentle reply, Julia wraps her arms around me in a hug.*
Yuuji: Will you... actually stay here... with me...?
JB: ...Yes...
Narration: *She answers me once more, with something like loneliness in her voice... and as that one word echoes through my mind, I fall sound asleep.*
Narration: *I wouldn't realize this until some time afterward...*
Narration: *But with that question, I'd driven a wedge between myself and Julia.*
Narration: *And in time... we'd find ourselves trapped in a thorny bramble, hurting each other with every attempt we made to escape.*

Date: *July XX, 2012, 18:37 - Ichigaya*
Yuuji: ...So anyway, I asked you to arrange my transition to "reserve" status with CIRS, then approached Tachibana Chizuru and got her permission to enroll at Mihama Academy...
Narration: *After going through the explanations, I relax and lean back against the chair.*
JB: ...You certainly make it sound simple. Do you have any idea how much work it took to arrange all that?
Yuuji: I'm grateful, of course.
JB: ...Well, whatever. I suppose that about covers it for today. I'll update the documents you submitted.
Yuuji: I see. Thanks.
Narration: *Just as we finish our conversation, I hear a knock from the door.*
JB: Come in.
Chiara: Pardon me. I've finished looking over the personnel records that Lt. Kuwahara provided, from Kazami Yuuji's time as an "S" trainee. Could you please review my comments?
JB: Good job. The man himself is still here right now, so I'll look them over later. Leave it on my desk.
Chiara: ...Oh, Kazami-san. You're here.
Yuuji: "Oh, Kazami-san," my ass. You were obviously watching on a monitor from the other room and came in when the conversation ended. Don't act like you're surprised...
Chiara: I'm sorry... Uhm, would you like to touch my butt?
Yuuji: Where'd that come from...? Makes it sound like I'm some kind of ass-grabbing serial molester...
Chiara: ...You're not going to grab it, then?
Yuuji: Maybe next time. When we're alone.
Chiara: ...It's always "next time" with you... I'm going to hold you to that, all right?
Yuuji: Yeah, I got it.
Chiara: ...Kazami-san, are you tired?
Yuuji: I suppose I am, somewhat... What brought this on?
Chiara: Well, you just seemed a little pale.
Chiara: ...Would you like something cold to drink?
Yuuji: No, I'd be getting in the way of your work if I stayed too long. I'll head back now.
JB: As long as you didn't disturb us, I wouldn't mind you resting here a little.
Yuuji: I'm not audacious enough to kick back and relax here, you know...
JB: You're "audacious" enough to constantly give me lip...
Chiara: Oh, how about you wind down at the cat cafe nearby?
Yuuji: Is this that place you're always recommending?
Chiara: Yes. The coffee's excellent, and it's really soothing to have all those cats around.
Yuuji: Hmm...
Narration: *It's going to be annoying if she keeps talking about the place whenever we meet. I might as well take a look at least once...*
Yuuji: All right, I guess I'll drop by.
Chiara: !
Chiara: Senpai, I've already handled the records; may I be excused?
JB: Yes, feel free.
Yuuji: I should get going too...
Yuuji: Maj. Harudera, Kazami Yuuji will take his leave!
JB: Good work; now get some rest.
Narration: *The air conditioning might have been a bit too strong; it usually would feel cool this time of day, but instead it's rather muggy.*
Yuuji: It should be around five minutes by foot from here...
Narration: *It's close enough that I ought to be able to get there without sweating.*
Narration: *I begin to make my way there, as I recall where Chiara told me it is.*
Yuuji: ...Is this it?
Narration: *I find a plaque outside a building that says "Black Cat Cafe", but I still have my doubts.*
Narration: *From what Chiara told me, I was expecting something a little fancier, like an actual cafe, but there seems to be nothing else.*
Yuuji: Hmm...
Narration: *There don't seem to be any other places nearby. Might as well try heading in.*
Narration: *If it's not the place, then I can just ask the manager .*
Narration: *I casually open the door, and...*
Chiara: Welcome to the Black Cat Cafe! ♪
Yuuji: ...Sorry, I think I'm in the wrong place.
Chiara: Wait, wait, wait! This is it! Here! This is the cat cafe I told you about!
Yuuji: ...I see. Bye.
Chiara: I said wait! Don't just wave bye and try to slip out so casually!
Yuuji: What do you want...?
Chiara: I mean, Kazami-san, you always say you'll feel my butt up "next time"...
Yuuji: What, so you set all this up and waited specifically for that purpose?
Chiara: Yes.
Yuuji: Even though you didn't know when I'd actually come?
Chiara: Every day, right after work, I'd come here and stand by so I'd be ready for you anytime.
Yuuji: Just how badly do you want me to feel your butt up...?
Chiara: Wh-What else could I do...?
Chiara: That's... that's just how much I like you...
Yuuji: Well, there's clearly other ways you could have gone about this, right?
Chiara: You mean instead of being so roundabout, I should have gone straight for the jugular?
Yuuji: Pretty much.
Chiara: All right then.
Chiara: Kazami-san, please feel my butt up!
Narration: *So we're going back there...*
Narration: *What happened to the romantic part...?*
Chiara: ...Do you... not want to?
Yuuji: I don't mind hearing out your feelings, or feeling up your butt... But it's not just going to be a little squeeze. Are you sure?
Chiara: Yes, absolutely! I've made sure to tidy myself up!
Narration: *That's not what I meant, but... whatever.*
Yuuji: Okay, I'm gonna feel your butt up now!
Narration: *I stand face to face with Chiara and grab her butt, visibly large even from a distance.*
Chiara: Nhh...!
Yuuji: Hmm... Quite large, as expected.
Chiara: Umm... was that a compliment...?
Yuuji: Of course. The blend of softness and springiness is exceptional. I have no complaints regarding the squeezability of your buttocks.
Chiara: Oh, thank goodness...
Chiara: I've had a complex about my butt, actually... So I'm happy to see that you like it.
Yuuji: Not sure what you were worried about. You have a top-class ass.
Chiara: Well, this is now the one thing I can be proud of.
Yuuji: The "one" thing...? There's a lot more you can be proud of.
Chiara: Of course not...
Chiara: I mean, my breasts are nothing compared to Senpai's... they look like Hassaku oranges next to mine...
Yuuji: I don't really get that analogy, but... more importantly, there's no reason to compare yourself to JB.
Chiara: But... my breasts really are small... even compared to my other coworkers...
Yuuji: Hmm...
Narration: *I gaze at her chest as I squeeze her butt ― there certainly isn't much volume there, so to speak.*
Narration: *But that doesn't mean there's none at all. I can clearly see the shape of her breasts through her shirt.*
Chiara: Kazami-san... you like big tits, right...?
Yuuji: That I do. But that doesn't mean I don't like small ones, you know?
Chiara: R-Really...!?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Chiara: W-Well... please... look at my breasts...
Yuuji: Wait, how does that even...?
Narration: *Paying no heed to my question, Chiara unbuttons her shirt, exposing her chest, and lifts her bra up, leaving her breasts in full view.*
Narration: *Her breasts are certainly on the smaller side.*
Narration: *However, they have a nice shape, and her nipples are small and cute.*
Narration: *Discounting men who exclusively like big breasts, I'm sure any man would find these to be lovely breasts.*
Yuuji: There's nothing to be embarrassed about with those.
Chiara: .........
Yuuji: Hey, are you listening?
Chiara: Ah, I'm sorry. I was so busy staring at your crotch that I wasn't paying attention.
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *Is she a precocious middle schooler or something...?*
Narration: *Well, not that I would know whether a middle school girl would stare at a man's groin so intensely...*
Chiara: Oh, I wasn't staring at it for any strange reasons, okay!?
Yuuji: So then, do tell me why exactly you were staring.
Chiara: Umm... I mean, anyone could say that they didn't mind breast size, but I couldn't tell if that really was the case...
Chiara: So, uhh... I was just making sure if you... "reacted"...
Yuuji: Ahh, I see now.
Narration: *If I got an erection, then she would assume I was telling the truth, and not so if otherwise.*
Narration: *A rather extreme measure to determine the veracity of my statement... but she must be that insecure.*
Yuuji: Don't worry. I've certainly gotten erect.
Chiara: Whoa!?
Yuuji: Don't shout all of a sudden... Didn't you want to see it...?
Chiara: No, well, I did... and I'm happy to see that it's erect, but... Ehh!?
Yuuji: ...Does it look that weird?
Chiara: I-I'm not really sure how to answer that...
Yuuji: Hm? Have you never seen one?
Chiara: Pictures and videos... uncensored ones. But this is the first time I've seen the real thing...
Yuuji: I see.
Chiara: Yes.
Narration: *It's her first time seeing one... of course she'd stare. Doesn't make it any less awkward on my end, though.*
Chiara: Uhh, umm... Kazami-san...
Yuuji: What?
Chiara: Err... Did it get hard because, um... you saw my breasts...?
Yuuji: ...Well, that is so.
Narration: *I've actually had the erection since copping a feel of her butt. No need to point it out to her, though.*
Chiara: I-I see...
Chiara: W-Well, then... umm...
Chiara: Would you like me to... with my breasts?
Yuuji: What are you talking about?
Chiara: You said you umm... got hard, from looking at my breasts... So I mean to say, would you like me to make you feel good, with my breasts...?
Chiara: Or rather, I... you said my breasts were lovely, and you've gotten so umm, big... So I was thinking I wanted to make you feel good...
Chiara: And umm... even if my breasts are small, I wanted to prove that I can make you feel good with them...
Yuuji: So to summarize, you want to give me a titfuck?
Chiara: It's awfully embarrassing when you put it that way, but... yes...
Yuuji: I won't object, but... are you okay with that?
Chiara: Y-Yes... If you don't mind, I...
Yuuji: If you're willing to, then I see no reason to refuse.
Chiara: -!! I-I'll do my best!
Yuuji: All right, I'm in your hands.
Narration: *I take a step closer to Chiara, and let her make contact with my manhood.*
Narration: *Chiara takes a deep breath to steel herself, and sandwiches it between her breasts.*
Chiara: Kazami-san, it's... really hot...
Yuuji: Is it?
Chiara: Yes... It really feels like it's there. Just having it between my breasts is making my heart race...
Chiara: So... I'm going to rub this with my breasts, huh?
Yuuji: ...Getting scared?
Chiara: Not at all. It's yours, after all.
Chiara: Just... I'm worried whether I can do a good job of it.
Yuuji: I see.
Chiara: Umm, this is my first time so I'm not sure what to do. If it feels weird, or if you want me to do anything, let me know, okay?
Yuuji: Okay.
Chiara: Well then...
Narration: *Chiara slowly moves her breasts up and down, as if trying to get a good feel of it all.*
Chiara: Mmm... Nhh! Fuh... Nn, mm...
Yuuji: Your skin's so smooth, it feels great.
Chiara: R-Really...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *She smiles a little at my words and presses her breasts against me further as she continues to rub me off.*
Chiara: Nhh... Hah, nghh, nhh... Ahh... Umm, Kazami-san, it's a little hard to keep it squeezed together, so uhh, c-could you push it against me more?
Yuuji: ...Like this?
Chiara: Ah, ngh... ahh, yes... thank you... Mm, ngh...
Narration: *Having tightened her squeeze , the feeling of her breasts rubbing against me strengthens.*
Chiara: Haghh, hahh... Nnh! Mmm... Men really do get hard... Nhh, mm... my breasts are taking on such a lewd shape...
Chiara: Ngh! Hahh... hahhh... Nhh... Just rubbing you off gets me so excited... Seeing something this dirty is making me feel so hot...
Yuuji: Hmm... Your breasts are starting to sweat a little.
Chiara: Ah, oh... S-Should I wipe them dry?
Yuuji: No, there's no need. In fact, the warmth makes it feel quite nice.
Chiara: R-Really...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Chiara: W-Well then... I hope you feel even better... with my sweaty breasts...
Chiara: Nhh, nghh... Mmm, nnh! Ngh! Haghh... Mm, nngh, mm...
Narration: *Chiara's movements are getting smoother. Perhaps she's getting used to moving her breasts like this.*
Narration: *I feel a gentle pleasure from getting rubbed off with such small yet soft breasts, and slowly approach Chiara without realizing.*
Chiara: Ngh... mmm, hahh... Nn... Hah, haghh... Kazami-san's... is rubbing against my breasts... Nghh, haghh... I'm feeling even hotter...
Yuuji: Looks like you're getting aroused. Your nipples are already stiff.
Chiara: Ah― No, please don't look... Nngh! Nhh! Nnn! Hahhh! Haagh... ngh! Nhh!
Narration: *Chiara begins to move her breasts more aggressively, as if to keep me from seeing her erect nipples.*
Narration: *But it only seems to heighten her arousal, her hot breath tickling the head of my penis.*
Chiara: Hahh, haagh... Ngh! Mnn, nhhh! Nghh... Kazami-san's... is twitching between my breasts... Oh, something came out...
Yuuji: Hmm? Oh, must be precome.
Chiara: Ahh, th-then that means... you're feeling good from my breasts, right...?
Yuuji: Didn't I already say earlier that it felt good...?
Chiara: You did... but this is my first time. I didn't expect to make you feel this good...
Narration: *Ahh, so she thought I was just being nice when I said it felt good.*
Yuuji: You can see now, right? I was telling you the truth.
Chiara: Yes.
Chiara: But I'm going to try even harder to make you feel even better... okay?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Chiara: Ngh, mm... hahh, nnghh... mnn! Haahh... ngh... Nnh... Mnnhh― Hahh! Nghh...!
Narration: *Chiara breathes raggedly as she moves her body up and down, squeezing the entirety of my penis from base to tip.*
Chiara: Nh, fhuhh... hahhh... Ngh! Nghh... ah, something's coming out again... mnnh! Hahh... ah, it dripped out...
Chiara: Hahh, hagh... Mnn! Ngh! It's getting onto my breasts... oh, it's leaking out again...
Narration: *Perhaps because she's squeezing so tightly, the precome continues to flow out.*
Narration: *The precome that leaks out adheres to her collarbone and begins to glisten.*
Chiara: Nhh, haahh... Ngh, nhh... Hahh, haghh... Mmn, nhh... Haahhh, hahh, mmm, nghh...
Narration: *It feels good to have Chiara's breasts rubbing against my cock, but her rough breathing against my glans feels a little off-putting.*
Yuuji: ...Chiara.
Chiara: Yes? What is it?
Yuuji: Could you use your mouth while you rub it against your breasts?
Chiara: Err, umm... so you mean you want me to give you fellatio?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Chiara: ...A-All right... I don't know if I can do a good job of it, but I'll try.
Narration: *Chiara presses her breasts against me, as as she takes the head of my penis into her mouth.*
Chiara: Hahnnn... Mnn... Mnphh...
Narration: *Possibly because her mouth is small, she starts to wriggle around, adjusting her position slightly.*
Yuuji: Chiara, you okay?
Chiara: Mn, hyeehh.
Yuuji: ...What?
Chiara: Hyaahh, hahm faahhn.
Narration: *I have no idea what's she's saying...*
Narration: *She seems to be fine, from what I can see, but it's a little annoying that I can't understand what she's saying.*
Yuuji: You don't have to take it in that deep.
Chiara: Mmn, ahh... mmm, is this fine...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *Whenever she talks, her tongue brushes up against me; the sudden sensations might cause me to moan.*
Chiara: All right... I'll start now.
Yuuji: Okay.
Chiara: *Slurp*... *slurp* *slurp*, *lick*... *Smack* *smack* *smack*... *lick*... Mmm... so this is what you taste like...
Yuuji: You don't have to force yourself to taste the precome, you know?
Chiara: I'm not forcing myself... and it's not like I don't want to. I'm always drinking the same strong coffee Senpai does, so the bitterness doesn't stand out that much.
Yuuji: Well... if you say so, then I won't stop you.
Chiara: All right... I'll get right back to it then?
Chiara: *Slurp*, hah, nghh... *Slurp*... *suck*, *smack*... *smack*... mmhh! *smack*, *smack*
Yuuji: Chiara, you're easing up on the breasts.
Chiara: Oh, sorry... mmnn, nghh... mmhh! *slurp*... *suck*, mmm... ngh! *smack*, *smack*...
Narration: *She's definitely not used to this, being her first time. It's a lot sloppier than when she was using just her breasts.*
Narration: *But seeing her trying her best despite her inexperience definitely hits hard.*
Chiara: *Suck*, *slurp*... hah, nghh, hahnhh... *slurp*... *suck*, *smack*... Kazami-san, should I keep doing this, or is there anything you want me to do...?
Yuuji: Hmm, well... I was thinking it would be nice if you used your tongue.
Chiara: Hm...? My... tongue...?
Yuuji: Basically, don't just suck with your lips, but lick it with your tongue too.
Chiara: Understood, I'll try!
Chiara: Ngh! *slurp*... *suck*, Mmm... *lick* *lick*... *smack*... *smack*... mmhh! *smack*, *smack*... *lick*... *slurp*... Mmhh, nghh...!
Narration: *This is a little different from when she was talking, but it's not bad at all.*
Chiara: *Suck*, Mmm... *lick* *lick*... Nhh... Am I doing it right...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's pretty good.
Chiara: Ehehe... I'm gonna keep at it then. *Slurp*... *suck*, *smack*... *lick*, Nghh, mhhh... *smack*, *slurp*... Nhh, mm...
Narration: *As Chiara stimulates my penis with her breasts and lips while licking me, her saliva trickles down to its base.*
Narration: *This makes her breasts move more smoothly, increasing the pleasure.*
Chiara: *Slurp*... *suck*, *smack*, Mmm... *lick* mhh, nghh... Haahh! Nghh... *lick*... *smack*... *smack*... *slurp*, Nghh...
Yuuji: ...!
Chiara: Anhh! Kazami-san, it might slip out of my chest, so please don't move.
Narration: *So Chiara says, as she brings her body closer, squeezing harder with her breasts so that my penis doesn't slip out.*
Narration: *The softness feels wonderful, but it quickly changes to pleasure once she begins to move.*
Chiara: Mm, nghh... *suck*, *slurp*... hah, nghh, *lick*... Mhh! Geez, I said don't move!
Yuuji: I can't help it. When it feels this good, my body just ends up moving involuntarily.
Chiara: Eh...? Was it that good...? Oh, was it what I did earlier?
Chiara: *Suck*, *slurp*... *lick* *lick*... *smack*... *smack*... *lick*... *slurp*... *lick*...
Narration: *Chiara strikes at the right place from just earlier ― she's actually quite collected in doing this.*
Narration: *Having learned that my hips twitched from the pleasure of having that specific area stimulated, she attacks it once more, while stimulating me with her breasts.*
Chiara: Nghh... The taste of Kazami-san... *lick* *lick*... is getting stronger...?
Yuuji: Yeah... you're doing a great job. I might come soon...
Chiara: I-I'll try even harder, then!
Chiara: *Lick*, *slurp*... *Suck*, *slurp*... *lick* *lick*... *smack*... *suck*...
Chiara: *Slurp*... *lick* Mnghh... Kazami-san, your taste is getting even stronger... Ngh! *Slurp*, *smack*... *slurp*
Narration: *Getting pleasured by Chiara's breasts, lips, and tongue brings forth the urge to ejaculate.*
Narration: *Chiara matches it in intensity, as she squeezes her breasts, wet with saliva, even tighter, and sucks hard on the head of my penis.*
Chiara: *Lick*, *slurp*... Nghh! *Suck*, *lick*... *Slurp*... *lick* *lick*... *smack*... *suck*...
Yuuji: Chiara, I'm coming...!
Chiara: *Suck*, *slurp*... Mmhh! Yes! *lick* *lick*... Come! *smack*... *smack*... *lick*... Come loads...!
Chiara: *Slurp*... *lick*...! *Suck*, *lick*, mmhh! Fuhh... *Smack*... *Slurp*... *smack*, *slurp*
Yuuji: Guhh!
Chiara: Nghh!?
Narration: *Chiara yelps at the sudden surge of semen that shoots straight into her throat, quickly cocking her head back.*
Chiara: Kyah! Ngh! Mphh! 
Narration: *Which leads to a significant amount of the sticky stuff landing straight on her face, her hair, and her glasses.*
Narration: *Seeing Chiara's childlike face sullied makes me want to wipe off the semen dripping off of it.*
Chiara: *Sniff sniff*... So this is Kazami-san's scent...
Yuuji: Sniffing semen...? You've got some strange tastes. 
Chiara: Eh!? You mean people don't!?
Yuuji: I'm not exactly sure what's considered to be the norm here, but I don't think someone would do it on their first time.
Chiara: Ah, ughh... I-Is that so...
Chiara: Am I... a dirty girl...?
Yuuji: You don't have to compare yourself to other women...
Yuuji: Whether you're innocent or a pervert, you're still who you are.
Chiara: W-Well then...
Chiara: If I... I said that I wanted you... to put it in me... Would you... be disgusted...?
Yuuji: What? Of course not...
Yuuji: But, uh... you sure you want your first time to be with me?
Chiara: Don't ask something so silly...
Chiara: I wouldn't want... anyone else but you...
Yuuji: Well then, I'd be more than happy to take your virginity.
Chiara: Y-Yes!
Yuuji: So, what position do you want to do it in?
Chiara: U-Umm... I'm not really sure what a good position is... Let's go with what you'd like.
Yuuji: Well I won't ask you to do anything weird... Should I go with something that will be easy on both of us?
Chiara: I'm just overjoyed to be able to have sex with you...
Chiara: And I trust you, so I leave it up to you.
Yuuji: All right...
Narration: *Now that it's come to this, I doubt anything I say will have any effect.*
Narration: *A position that I want...*
Narration: *Since I've got the chance, I wouldn't mind feeling up Chiara's ass a bit more.*
Narration: *With that in mind, I step away, grab a chair, sit down, and pat my thighs.*
Yuuji: Could you sit down here?
Chiara: Understood.
Narration: *Chiara gets up and walks over to me, semen still on her face.*
Yuuji: Ahh, the other way. Face to face; point your butt the other way.
Chiara: F-Face to face...
Chiara: H-Having you look at my face this closely... is a little embarrassing...
Narration: *Chiara remarks, as she straddles me face on.*
Chiara: Kyah!
Narration: *As I lift her by the butt, she lets out a cute yelp and latches onto me.*
Yuuji: Chiara, could you adjust a little so it's a bit easier to put it in?
Chiara: M-Me?
Yuuji: I mean, I could do it too, but it'll take a bit of time since I'm holding you up by the butt, you know? 
Chiara: So letting go of my butt isn't even on the table, huh...?
Yuuji: That's just as fine, but I can't really get a good feel of the position. I'll have to just try blindly ― are you sure?
Chiara: I... I'll do it...
Narration: *Chiara replies, face flushed red, and timidly reaches out with her hand.*
Chiara: I-I'm ready...
Yuuji: All right... I'm going to lower you slowly, okay?
Chiara: O-Okay...
Narration: *The tip of my penis spreads Chiara's labia open, and slowly enters her.*
Chiara: Ah, aghh... Nnhguh!
Narration: *The moment we get up to my glans, Chiara moans and tenses up.*
Narration: *Her insides are contracting... tightening up against my penis.*
Yuuji: Chiara, are you okay?
Chiara: I'm on the verge of tears here...
Yuuji: Sorry. You have a big butt, so I figured you'd be wider inside... I should have gotten you wetter.
Chiara: Ah, no, it's not the pain... I'm just so happy.
Chiara: Because I'm finally one with my beloved Kazami-san... I'm so... so happy.
Narration: *The extreme tightness softens up, her vaginal juices dripping out.*
Narration: *It should be okay if I go in slowly.*
Yuuji: We still haven't become one, you know?
Chiara: Eh...?
Narration: *Puzzled, Chiara looks at me, as I continue to plunge deeper into her.*
Chiara: Nghhh! Fhuh, agh... Ahh, aahhh... K-Kazami-san, you're... it's going... going in...
Yuuji: Chiara... don't tense up too much...
Chiara: Hagh... agh, unghh... This is― My first time... aghh, nhhh... I can't...
Yuuji: Hmm, no choice then...
Narration: *I grab hold of Chiara's ass and spread its cheeks apart, trying to make just a little bit more room inside her.*
Chiara: ~~!? K-Kazami-san! Don't spread my butt open like that...!
Yuuji: You really do have a big, juicy ass...
Chiara: Aughh, nghh... that's not the p― Nhaahh!
Yuuji: Oh, looks like it's all the way in.
Narration: *The tip of my penis prods at her cervix, causing her to tighten all the more.*
Narration: *Though Chiara possesses a small, dainty build, the solid, weighty feeling of her butt surpasses any and all expectations. Excellent.*
Chiara: Ngh... Afuhh... nnhh... deep... You're... ngh― I can feel it. It's weird...
Yuuji: Well, it's your first time, no getting past that. You just need to get used to it.
Yuuji: Do you want to stay like this until you feel more comfortable?
Chiara: No, I'm fine... Nhh, haahh... It doesn't really hurt... ahnn... Please move...
Narration: *Though I can see a tear at the corner of her eye, it doesn't look like she's in that much pain.*
Narration: *And it doesn't look like she's holding it in either... let's try moving a bit.*
Chiara: Agh, hagh... Nnhh...! Afuhh... Ngh, it's coming out...
Narration: *As I lift Chiara up by her butt, her moist folds rub against my member.*
Narration: *And when I lower her, the tightness slackens a little, allowing me to go deeper in.*
Chiara: Aahh... hagh, ngh... A-Again, it... ahh, agh... hit me inside... hah, aahhh...
Yuuji: Whenever we... make contact inside, you tighten up.
Chiara: Hahhh... Ahh, nhh... aghh... Is that so...? Nghahh! Aaghh...!
Yuuji: You don't notice? Whenever I go deep, you raise your voice a little.
Chiara: Hyah...! Aghh, nghh... mmm, fhuhh... haahh, aghh, nnghh...!
Narration: *Chiara doesn't answer, but seems to have noticed... Her face, still panting, blushes.*
Narration: *After doing it enough, she gets wet enough that our sex is making slopping sounds... she must be feeling it.*
Yuuji: No need to hold back, just feel free to enjoy yourself.
Chiara: Eh...? Hyah!? Fuahh! Agh, ahhh!
Narration: *I continue to go in and out of her while holding onto her butt; as our members rub against each other, her panting becomes ever louder.*
Chiara: Aaghh! Hagh... nghh! Aghh, ahh... if you― That deep... Fuaaghh!
Yuuji: Hmm, your face looks really dirty now.
Chiara: ―!? No! Don't look at― Hyagh! Ahh! Hahh, aghhh...!
Narration: *Whenever I rub deep against her, Chiara yelps as she shivers.*
Narration: *Possibly because of how sweaty the two of us have become, a hand holding her butt slips a little and a finger ends up entering the hole in her butt.*
Chiara: ~~~~~~!?
Yuuji: ...!!
Narration: *She constricts with such great force that I can feel her raw flesh all the more so.*
Narration: *I'm sure it would feel amazing to start moving in this tightness.*
Narration: *So I think to myself. I then grab her butt firmly, and lift her up once more.*
Chiara: Kyah! Hagh, ahhh... nghh, aaghh...! Haghhh... ahh, anghh...!
Yuuji: Ungh...!
Narration: *Moving in and out of Chiara when she's this tight is mindblowingly good.*
Chiara: Haghh... ahh, nghh... ahh― Agh! You're going in again...!
Yuuji: Oh, she loosened up.
Chiara: Ehh― Hyagh!? Aghh, ahh! Again, my buttho― Hyughh! Nnghuhhh...!!!
Narration: *Having my member going in and out of Chiara's now very tight insides feels great in a different way.*
Chiara: Fuaaghh! Agh, Hagh! Deep... you're hitting me deep inside... H-Hyughh! It's pushing up against me...!
Yuuji: Chiara... you're quivering inside...
Chiara: Ngh, haghh, agghhh! Ahh, haghh... agh, ahh... Because... you're... scraping my insides so roughly... anghh!
Narration: *Every time I lower her all the way, her massive butt jiggles, creating another kind of pleasure. *
Narration: *I enjoy the sensation of her butt against me, as I increase the pace while stimulating her anally, causing her to tighten up.*
Chiara: Hyanhh! Aghh! K-Kazami-san! Fuahhh, aghh! I― This is my first time! Please, more gently― Hyagghh!
Yuuji: Ahh, my bad. The sex just felt so good. Did I go too far...?
Chiara: Eh...? W-Was it that good...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Yuuji: But as you said, it's your first time. I need to be more considerate.
Chiara: B-But... I also want you to enjo― Hyahh!? Ahhh! Fuahh! Aghh! Ahhh!
Chiara: Ahhh, haghh, anghh! K-Kazami-san, why are you going so― Ngghh! Deep...?
Yuuji: Seems like you really feel it when I go in deep. This way, you can feel good without having to do it rough, right?
Chiara: Haghh, aghhh! I-I... didn't mean it that― hyaghh! Ahh, hah, Aghh!
Narration: *After having stimulated her cervix for so long, perhaps it's loosened up. The stiffness from earlier gives way to a more soft and fleshy sensation.*
Chiara: Fuahhh, aghh, ahhh! W-What is... this...!? Hyughnn! Aghh! You're going in even... deeper... hahh, aghh!
Yuuji: Your insides have been shaking this entire time. Did getting stimulated there really feel that good?
Chiara: Ngh! Hahh, aghh, I-I... wouldn't kno― Fuaghhh! Ahh! This is my first time... having sex... so I don't know...!
Yuuji: Ahh, I see.
Yuuji: Well, between getting rubbed like earlier and this, what do you prefer?
Chiara: Hihggh... nghh...! Ahh! Agh... g-getting my butthole... finger― agh, ahhnn...! While you rub against me inside... hyagh! Agghh...!
Yuuji: Hmm, you seem to be enjoying this too.
Chiara: Ahh! Haghh, ahh! Aghh! I-I don't know anymore...!
Narration: *Even without me touching, Chiara's butthole starts puckering open and shut.*
Narration: *Is she about to orgasm...?*
Chiara: Hahh, ahh, aghhh! Hyughh! Ngh, ahh...! I'm really feeling it all over... hyaghh! Aggh! I―!
Yuuji: Go on, come.
Chiara: Hyughh...! Nghh... Kazami-san... hyahh...! Aghh, please, come too...!
Yuuji: Yeah.
Chiara: Haahh, aghh! Fuaghhh, ahhh! You're rubbing against me... hah― Aghn! So deep, so deep inside... agh! Aghh!
Chiara: Ahhh! Aghh...! I-I can't... ahh! Hahh, nghhh...!! I'm commiiiiiiingggg!!!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *Right when Chiara orgasms, her vagina tightens; her walls quivering, bringing me to the height of climax.*
Chiara: Ahh! Aghh! Ahhh...! So hot... spreading inside me... Hy― Agh! Aaaahhhhh...!!!
Narration: *Chiara's glasses droop slightly as she squirts, her body still shaking.*
Narration: *As that happens, her butt rests against my hands, leaving me to squeeze it as much as I please.*
Chiara: Fuaghh... afuhh, nghhh...! K-Kazami-san... Anghh, don't squeeze my butt... right when I'm coming...
Yuuji: Ahh, sorry. You just have such a nice butt and all.
Chiara: Haghh, hahhh... Aghh, nhhh... ahhh... don't rub it either... agh, ahh, I'm still sensitive... Ngghhh!!!
Yuuji: Coming from getting your butt rubbed...? That's pretty interesting.
Chiara: Hyaghh! Aghh, nnhhh! Don't spread my butt like that when you rub it... mmm, fhuhh... ahhh...
Narration: *As Chiara protests, her voice trembling, semen from deep inside her starts to drip out.*
Chiara: Ahhh... even though you came inside me... it's spilling out...
Yuuji: What, you wanted my come to stay inside you?
Chiara: ...Yes.
Yuuji: Well then, do you want me to come inside you next?
Chiara: Eh... are you sure?
Yuuji: If you want me to.
Chiara: A-Absolutely!
Chiara: Ahh, and don't try to come in my butt and say that it counts as inside of me.
Yuuji: What, no need to worry about something like that...
Chiara: But I mean, you can be such a tease...
Yuuji: I'm not going to do that, so relax.
Chiara: Thank goodness. You seemed to be so enthralled with my butt that you might start wanting to do "that", you know...?
Yuuji: So you say, but you seemed to be really feeling it.
Chiara: Ugh...
Yuuji: I'd love to see how much more you'll feel it this time.
Chiara: Ah, umm... I want to come together with you again, so be gent― hyugghhh!!!
Narration: *I stick it in before Chiara finishes, and she tightens up once more.*
Chiara: Aghh, ahh! N-No, don't...! You're scraping my insides so rough while going so deep... hyahhh! Ahhh! Aghh!
Yuuji: Because you seem to enjoy this the most.
Narration: *The sound of her butt slapping against me is nice, and I do her roughly despite her having just orgasming.*
Chiara: Hahh, nghh...! Agh, ahhh! Kazami-san, you're going so deep... Ahh! Hagh, ngh! I can feel you pounding, deep inside...!
Yuuji: If it's a bit too rough, should I try to distract you a little?
Chiara: Ngh, haghh! Aghhh, ahh! K-Kazami-san, you're stroking my buttho― hyughh! Nhh, ngughhh...!
Yuuji: Kuhh... Chiara, you're tightening up so much. It's almost too much...
Chiara: Agh, hahhh, ngh, aghh! If it's too tight, then― hyaagh, aghh! W-Why are you... fiddling with my butthole... Aghh, ahh!
Yuuji: Because when you tighten up, the sensations are much clearer... Plus, it feels great.
Yuuji: There's semen and vaginal juice all over, but it's still a little hard to move, so I'm gonna go rougher, okay?
Chiara: Eh― Nghh! Ahh! K-Kazami-saan, you're scraping out my― Kuahh, aghhh! Hagh, ahh, aghhh...! Now you're pushing so deep against― ah, aghhh...!
Chiara: Haghh, ngh, ahhh! You're... so rough... hyagh! Agh, anhh! And so deep... aagh! I'm going to go crazy...!
Yuuji: Isn't it a good thing that your first time feels this good, instead of having painful memories?
Chiara: Hyagghh! Agh, ngghh...! K-Kazami-san, you brute...!
Yuuji: What...?
Yuuji: Am I really being that rough...?
Narration: *I squeeze her plump, pliable butt while changing my position as I pound her in and out. *
Chiara: Nhh, hagh, haagghh... Ahhh, agh! M-My butt, you're playing with my― Hyaghh! Ahhh! Rubbing the inside of my butt...!
Yuuji: After feeling that "constriction" from earlier, it just doesn't feel enough now.
Chiara: Fuehh...? Hyughh! Agh, ahhh! A-Again, you're rubbing my... hole... Aaghhhhh!
Yuuji: Kuh! I really have to go a bit rough to make you tighten up...
Chiara: Hyaugh! Agh! Ahhh, haahhh, aagghhh! If you stimulate me that hard both ways, I― I'm going to come...!
Yuuji: I thought you wanted to come together?
Chiara: Haagh, ahh, aghh! I do... but you keep pleasuring me so much... anhh! I just can't...!
Yuuji: Hmmm, I guess I'll need to distract you.
Chiara: Hyugh! Aghh! Ahhh...! I-If you rub my butt that mu― Aaghhh! Your finger! It's going in...!
Yuuji: Kuh... You're tightening up like crazy again...
Narration: *Chiara's vagina clenches, wriggling against my penis, and increasing the pleasure further.*
Narration: *It feels absolutely different from when I was rubbing against her, quickly making me want to ejactlate.*
Chiara: Ahhh! Haghh, nghh, ahhh! Agh! Anhhh! I can't...!
Chiara: Fuahhh, aghh! Agh, hahhh, anghhh! I'm going to come... Hyahh! While Kazami-san f-fingers my butt!
Yuuji: If you're gonna come, come with your pussy.
Chiara: Hnghh! Aahhh! Agh, hagh, ahhh! You're fingering my butt while pounding me so deep! I―! Ahh, aghhh!
Chiara: Aahhh! Agh! Ahhh! Kazami-san! I―! Aughh! I...! Hnghh, agghhh! Ahh! Hah― aghh! I'm commiiiiiinnngggggg!!!!!
Yuuji: Guhh!
Narration: *Chiara clenches down hard, pushing me over the edge of climax.*
Chiara: Fuaghh! Aghh! Ahh! Aahhhh...! Haghh, aghhh... Your hot stuff is... pouring into me...
Yuuji: Come on, better keep your hole closed or it'll leak out.
Chiara: Hyah! Ahh! No, Kazami-san... Ngh! Fuhh... don't rub my butthole like tha― Aghh! Nghuhh...!
Narration: *I rub Chiara's butthole over and over again, making her body shake from the sensations.*
Narration: *Maybe there was a lot of come, or she doesn't have much room inside. Either way, semen starts to drip out of her.*
Chiara: Augh... nghh, haghh... afuhhh... nhhh... Kazami-san, you bully...
Yuuji: I think I was pretty considerate... I just didn't expect you to orgasm like that.
Chiara: Ughhh...
Chiara: I-It's not as if I like it in the butt, okay? I'd just come, so I was sensitive. That's all.
Yuuji: What, that's it?
Chiara: Of cou― hyaugh! I just said don't rub my butthole!
Yuuji: Ahh, my bad, my bad.
Chiara: Hyah! Ngh, hahh! Look, just stop it― Hyaahnn!!
Narration: *Hmm, interesting.*
Chiara: Ah! Agh! S-Stop caressing my buttho― hyunhhh!
Narration: *It was just so amusing that I had to keep on stimulating Chiara's butthole until she orgasmed.*
Chiara: Hahhh... my butt's still twitching...
Yuuji: What, you still want more?
Chiara: Absolutely not!
Chiara: Geez... Kazami-san, you're such a meanie...
Yuuji: Hmm... do you hate me now?
Chiara: Of course not.
Yuuji: I see...
Yuuji: ...You want to take the next step, then?
Chiara: Eh...? Do you mean...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Chiara: You and I... going out...?
Yuuji: You don't want to?
Chiara: O-Of course I do! Like I said, I like you, Kazami-san.
Chiara: So... I'm overjoyed!
Narration: *Becoming lovers with Chiara, eh?*
Narration: *Not a bad choice ― so I think to myself in all honesty.*
Yuuji: ...By the way, Chiara.
Chiara: Yes, what is it?
Yuuji: A little late to be asking this... but what made you fall for me?
Chiara: That's... a secret.
Chiara: It's a precious memory to me ― I won't tell you until you remember.
Yuuji: That so?
Chiara: Ehhh!? Is that it? Give me a better reaction!
Yuuji: What, so you want to tell me?
Chiara: No, that's not what I mean.
Yuuji: So then I shouldn't be asking, right?
Chiara: I suppooooose... Urghhh, this is frustrating...
Yuuji: Come on, let's go.
Chiara: Ah, wait for me, Kazami-saaaan!
Narration: *As Chiara catches up to me, JB briefly comes to mind.*
Narration: *If I told her that I was going out with Chiara, I wonder if she'd be pissed...*
Narration: *Well, whatever goes.*

Narration: *The day of the rowing competition was upon us before we knew it.*
Narration: *At the sound of the supervising instructor's whistle, all the squads took off running toward the davits where their cutter boats waited. After untying the mooring rope, we lowered our boat to the water's surface and jumped in...*
Narration: *Then made for the buoy floating two kilometers off the coast, "catching" and "rowing" in perfect unison as if our lives depended on it.*
Narration: *Once we looped around the buoy, we needed to speed back to the davit and hoist our boat back up, at which point our final time would be recorded. A contest of pure physical strength, from start to finish.*
Narration: *Squad Seven was a little short on intellectuals, but we had more than enough raw power to go around. In combination with our newfound motivation, it managed to earn us a very respectable third place.*
Captain Garrett: All right! You did good today, shitheads! Drink up, my treat!
Narration: *Even as runners-up, we'd managed to bring back a small trophy. For once, our monster of a squad leader was actually in a good mood.*
Narration: *When she stormed loudly into our quarters that evening, Captain Garrett was carrying cardboard boxes full of canned beer on her shoulders.*
Narration: *When she criticized us, she was insanely harsh. But when we did well, she didn't hesitate to acknowledge our success. That's the Navy for you, I guess.*
Narration: *That night, our group of delinquents enjoyed the intoxicating taste of "victory" for the first time; and driven by the memory of that beer, my easily-bribed squadmates suddenly began to make remarkable progress in training.*
Narration: *The fourth and final part of the inter-squad competition was a marksmanship contest.*
Narration: *The contest was held at a range of 300 meters. Everyone fired five shots prone, five more crouching on one knee, and another five standing. After every round, an instructor downrange would inform you of your results by radio.*
Narration: *Of course, people who don't have much experience with rifles aren't going to be particularly accurate. Landing two shots out of five was considered excellent, and three out of five superlative.*
Narration: *Still, there was no reason to get tense about being tested. I just had to treat this rifle with my usual respect and care, and I knew it would repay me in kind.*
Narration: *Out of 15 total shots in three different positions, I landed all 15 "on target," earning myself sole possession of top place for that day.*
Narration: *Once the contest concluded, I walked over to the observation bunker, provided my name and rank to the instructor, and stated my results.*
Yuuji: Private Kazami Yuuji! 15 shots on target, sir!
Instructor: ...What!? You want to say that again!?
Yuuji: Private Kazami Yuuji! 15 shots on target, sir!
Instructor: You're going to be very sorry if you're trying to sneak a lie past me! Hey, go bring me his target! I'm checking this one personally!!
Captain Garrett: ...Ah, don't bother. He's a special case.
Instructor: ...Special, ma'am?
Captain Garrett: You familiar with Kusakabe Asako?
Instructor: Uh, yes... Only through what I've read, but... I understand she was considered the greatest sniper in the Corps.
Captain Garrett: This kid's her disciple. He's the spitting image of Asako, from his skill with the rifle to his half-assed attitude. Seriously gets on my nerves... What a fuckin' drag.
Narration: *Uhm, I am technically a member of your squad, you know...*
Narration: *Shouldn't you be saying "good job out there" and giving me a blowjob or something...?*
Narration: *In any case, having earned the overall top ranking in marksmanship, I was able to take the biggest trophy back to my squad.*
Narration: *And surprisingly enough, it turned out that the second place runner-up also belonged to Squad Seven.*
Narration: *On the strength of that one-two finish, our team ended up as the overall winner for the day, giving us an even sweeter taste of the liquor known as victory.*
Narration: *And a few days later―*
Narration: *As I'm working up a light sweat running, Captain Garrett suddenly calls me over.*
Yuuji: Is this about the prize, ma'am?
Captain Garrett: That's right.
Captain Garrett: You bagged top place in marksmanship in the competition the other day, right? I figured I should give you a reward.
Yuuji: Huh...
Narration: *She brought a lot of victory liquor already, so why this...?*
Narration: *I wonder at her gesture, and remember what Asako told me before.*
Narration: *The girls in the squad would pick off virgin guys in the squad, go drinking with them, and then eat them up.*
Narration: *I wasn't paying attention before so I don't remember it too clearly, but it should be around thereabouts.*
Narration: *I thought she was just joking around... so it's actually true?*
Narration: *But this is a surprise. Captain Garrett doesn't look the type... Guess you can't judge a book by its cover.*
Narration: *Given her personality, rather than saying it outright, she'd prefer to lay the bait and wait for someone to pounce.*
Captain Garrett: Tell me what you want ― anything's fine.
Narration: *I had a tinge of doubt, but when she goes out of her way to say "anything", looks like I'm not mistaken.*
Narration: *Which means the answer Captain Garrett wants is...*
Yuuji: I want you, Captain Garrett!
Captain Garrett: Ohoh...
Narration: *I see five veins popping from her. Looks like I was mistaken.*
Narration: *Curse you, Asako...*
Narration: *I break into a cold sweat just thinking about the kind of punishment I'm going to get. Captain Garrett then puts on a bold smile.*
Captain Garrett: All right! This is the perfect chance to educate you, until you grow to hate a woman like myself! 
Narration: *Oh no. I'm sweating buckets.*
Yuuji: C-Captain Garrett... Please let me decide on the consequences.
Captain Garrett: I see. Then I'll suck you off, just like you asked.
Yuuji: ...Huh?
Captain Garrett: Hmm...? Did that not get through? I'm giving you a blowjob.
Narration: *This is making less and less sense.*
Narration: *How does me deciding on my punishment = blowjob...?*
Captain Garrett: You told Danny you wanted some praise from me... and a blowjob to boot. Right?
Yuuji: Ahh...
Narration: *That I did.*
Narration: *The day after the competition, we were sent right back to training. It was tougher than usual, too. Danny and I ended up bitching to each other.*
Narration: *I'd hit 15 of 15 targets in the competition, but I hadn't gotten so much as a compliment. Guess I said something about wanting a few kind words... and maybe a blowjob to go along with them...*
Narration: *But seriously, Danny... why the hell did you talk about this in front of Captain Garrett...?*
Narration: *Well... knowing that dumbass, he was probably too busy laughing it up with someone to notice her lurking right behind him...*
Captain Garrett: Come on, then! I'll suck your dick, just like you wanted!
Yuuji: Umm... Captain Garrett, where are we going...?
Captain Garrett: My room. I can't just suck you off in broad daylight, dumbass. You never know when someone might walk by.
Yuuji: Huh...
Narration: *When you exclaim so loudly that you'll be sucking my dick, I'm pretty sure someone's bound to hear it.*
Narration: *Well, whatever, I'm getting my dick sucked. Who cares.*
Captain Garrett: Clothes off, now!
Narration: *What, she's not gonna do it for me?*
Narration: *I have to take my pants off with Captain Garrett right in front of me, arms crossed, presence imposing. This feels like some kind of corporal punishment ― so I think, as I remove my belt.*
Narration: *After removing my pants, I stand at ease, out of habit.*
Captain Garrett: Huh... you've got a pretty nice package here.
Yuuji: Thank you, ma'am.
Captain Garrett: All right, I'm gonna suck your dick now, just as you...
Yuuji: ...?
Captain Garrett: I don't want you looking down on me like that... Lie down on the bed.
Yuuji: Yes, ma'am...
Narration: *This Captain's such a pain in the ass...*
Narration: *So I think to myself, as I head over to the bed and lie down.*
Captain Garrett: Hehehe...
Narration: *Captain Garrett chuckles to herself all creepy, gets on the bed, and grabs ahold of my penis.*
Narration: *She needs to ease up on it, it kinda hurts, honestly...*
Narration: *Though Captain Garrett doesn't know that's what I'm thinking... She just puts my dick in her mouth without even looking at me.*
Captain Garrett: Nhh, mmghh... kpfff, mmm, fuhh, nhhh...
Narration: *Captain Garrett purses her lips as she continues to suck my penis in deeper.*
Narration: *It rubs against not just her mouth, but her tongue... it feels a lot better than I expected.*
Narration: *Thinking about it now, it's been a while since I've had a blowjob...*
Captain Garrett: Mphh, nhh... Mmm...! Haghh, nngh... what the, it suddenly grew bigger...?
Narration: *Well, I only had a half-boner earlier, you know...*
Narration: *Guess it became fully erect while I was lost in thought.*
Captain Garrett: Nghh... Pfhhh, mmm... It's pretty damn hard, too...
Narration: *Come to think of it, a girl from another squad who's slept with men from all over the globe said Japanese cocks are a favorite of hers. They start off looking "cute," but get harder than a white guy's dick once erect... apparently.*
Narration: *Hmm, I suppose I'd be the first Japanese for Captain Garrett.*
Narration: *That thought makes me see Captain Garrett in a much cuter light, versus her usual, almost demonic attitude.*
Captain Garrett: I need to prep this, get this nice and moist first...
Captain Garrett: Mmhh, *slurp*... *Slurp*... *suck*, *smack*... *smack*...
Narration: *Captain Garrett moistens the head with a fair amount of saliva, then coats it all with her lips.*
Captain Garrett: Nmphh, fuhh... I guess this does it for the head... Hahnn... Next...
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, mmhh... *Slurp*... nghh, mnnhhh... *slurp* *suck*... *suck*, *smack*... 
Narration: *Just as with my head, she applies a generous coat of saliva to my rod as well.*
Narration: *As with before, her lips are clenched fairly tight ― her "prepping" in itself feels quite pleasurable.*
Captain Garrett: Last... *Lick*, *Slurp*... Hahhh... *slurp* *suck*... Mmhh! *Suck*, nnhh... *Lick* *smack*...
Narration: *Captain Garrett traces her tongue around my glans itself, carefully coating it with saliva.*
Captain Garrett: Nghh... *Slurp*, *smack*... this should do it.
Captain Garrett: Are you ready, Kazami?
Narration: *We make eye contact after what feels like an eternity; her gaze is steely as always.*
Narration: *Looks like I'm in for a pretty intense "sucking".*
Yuuji: Yes, ma'am!
Captain Garrett: Phew...
Captain Garrett: *Slurp*... *suck*! *Lick* *lick*... *Smack*... *smack*... *Slurp*, *smack*... *Lick*... *slurp*!
Narration: *I exhale with a smile on my face... she's really going at it intensely, as I expected.*
Narration: *The tightness is enough to make me think it's my hand; she also licks my penis's shaft, glans, and tip with her tongue.*
Narration: *Compared to when both I and Asako enjoyed ourselves, Captain Garrett attacks me with the sole intent of pleasuring me.*
Captain Garrett: *Slurp*, *suck*, Mmhh! *Suck*... Looks like you've been saving up some jizz in your balls... Nghh, *Suck*, *suck! *Smack*!
Yuuji: Well... It's been a while since I've done it...
Captain Garrett: *Slurp*, *suck*...! *Suck* Nghh, *slurp*... You need to do it once in a while... *Slurp*! *Lick*, *smack*... 
Captain Garrett: *Slurp*! *Lick*! Nhhh, *smack*... It's no joke if you end up getting all horny in the middle of a mission and screwing everything up... *Slurp*, *suck*...!
Yuuji: I'm not exactly that thirsty for women... and I don't have anyone to help me with this.
Captain Garrett: *Slurp*... *suck*! *Lick* *lick*... *Smack*...! What, doing it yourself isn't even an option...? *Smack*... *Lick*, *slurp*!
Yuuji: Absolutely not, ma'am.
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, *slurp*... *lick* *lick*... Then, I'm... *Smack*... *Lick*... Going to suck every last drop right out of you...
Captain Garrett: *Lick*, *slurp*... *Suck*, *slurp*... *lick* *lick*... *smack*... *suck*...
Yuuji: ...Ngh!
Narration: *Captain Garrett sucks on it aggressively, without allowing it to go deeper into her throat.*
Narration: *Just as she takes the entire penis in from base to tip, she then suddenly stimulates only the glans.*
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, *slurp*... *lick*! Hehe, you're starting to leak precome... *Slurp*, *lick*! You really have been holding back... *Lick* *lick*... It tastes pretty intense.
Captain Garrett: *Slurp*, *smack*...! *Suck*! I'll take it all, so... *Slurp*... *Lick*! Come on, come! *Slurp*, *suck*...! *Suck*, *lick*! Come!
Narration: *Captain Garrett rubs my urethral opening with her tongue, demanding I ejaculate.*
Narration: *It's not exactly gonna come out if you just yell at it... And it seems to be annoying her.*
Narration: *She frowns in displeasure, and returns to pleasuring me even more.*
Captain Garrett: *Lick*, *slurp*... *Suck*, *slurp*...! *Suck*, *lick*, *slurp*... *lick*...! *Smack*... *suck*... *lick*...!
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *She sucks out my precome intensely, frantically, as if impatient for me to ejaculate.*
Narration: *With complete disregard for how silly her face ends up looking, Captain Garrett sucks ever harder.*
Narration: *Damn... this face of hers... I kind of like it...*
Captain Garrett: *Lick*, *slurp*... *Suck*, *lick*, *slurp*... *lick*...! *Suck*, *slurp*...! *Smack*... *suck*... *lick*...!
Yuuji: Captain Garrett...
Captain Garrett: Suck*, *lick*, *slurp*...! *Lick*...! *Suck*, *slurp*...! All right, you have my permission to ejaculate!
Yuuji: No, nothing about permission... just, the whole "come!" thing earlier...
Captain Garrett: *Slurp*, *smack*...! *Suck*! Shadddap! *Lick*...! *Suck*, *slurp*...! Just shut up and come already you goddamn dick!
Yuuji: How rude...
Captain Garrett: *Lick*, *slurp*... *Suck*, *lick*! Come already! *slurp*... *lick*...! Bring on the semen! *Suck*, *slurp*...! *Smack*... *suck*... *lick*...!
Narration: *After hurling more insults at my penis, Captain Garrett returns to her intense sucking... and I shoot out the semen she so desires into her mouth.*
Captain Garrett: Nmmhhh! *Lick*...! *Smack*... *Suck*, *slurp*... Mm, nghh...!
Narration: *She accepts the load of semen while my penis is buried deep in her mouth.*
Narration: *Is she sniffing the smell? Or maybe just taking breaths? Either way, the way her nose twitches looks rather cute.*
Captain Garrett: Hm...? It's thick, but is that all...?
Yuuji: I wouldn't say all, just some of it...
Captain Garrett: Then start shooting out the rest...
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, *slurp*...! *Smack*... *suck*... *lick*...!
Yuuji: ―!
Narration: *A dull pleasure attacks me as she vigorously sucks out the rest of the semen.*
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, *slurp*... Nghh... This should be all of it...
Narration: *Sounding satisfied, Captain Garrett begins to clear her throat.*
Captain Garrett: Ngh... Mm... Nhhh! Kuhh... Your semen's so thick... Nghh... it's getting caught in my throat! A woman could choke to death on this stuff...
Captain Garrett: And your dick's still hard as a rock... How long has it been since the last time you used this thing, kid...?
Yuuji: Well... Before I came here, the last time I did it was with Asako...
Captain Garrett: That a fact...? With Asako, huh...?
Captain Garrett: Hmph. Perfect timing. I'll show you what a real blowjob looks like!
Narration: *I don't think there's such a thing as a "fake" blowjob...*
Narration: *It kind of feels like she's trying to compete with Asako... did something happen between the two of them...?*
Narration: *While I ponder these matters, Captain Garret begins moving more gently, targeting my glans specifically.*
Captain Garrett: *Lick*, *slurp*! Mmm, *suck*, *lick*, *slurp*... *lick*...! *Suck*, *slurp*...! *Smack*... *lick*...!
Captain Garrett: Nghh, *lick*... well, what do you think? Feels good, right? *Smack*, *suck*, *lick*...!
Yuuji: Do you really have to ask...?
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, *slurp*... *lick*! Well, your dick's shaking in my mouth, so I already know the answer... *Lick*, *smack*! *Slurp*! 
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, nghh... But that's not all...
Captain Garrett: *Lick*, *slurp*! Mmm, *suck*, *lick*, *slurp*... *lick*...! *Suck*, *slurp*...! *Smack*... *lick*...!
Narration: *She uses her lips and tongue to stimulate my glans while giving my shaft, moist from her saliva, a handjob.*
Narration: *It feels harder than her lips; as she incorporates twisting motions, I end up moaning without thinking.*
Captain Garrett: *Suck*... Nhehe, it's shaking like crazy... Mngh, *lick*, *smack*... What a cute dick...
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, nghh... I'll make you feel even better... *Suck*, *slurp*...! *Suck*, *lick*, *slurp*... *Smack*... *suck*... *lick*...!
Yuuji: Ngh...!
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, *slurp*...! *Smack*... *suck*... *lick*...! Hehehe, how's a real blowjob feel like...? *Smack*! Amazing, yeah?
Narration: *Amazing indeed.*
Narration: *The vacuum sensation is worlds apart from when Asako or someone else does it.*
Narration: *Though it sometimes feels a bit too intense... but that's just part of the pleasure.*
Captain Garrett: *Lick*, *slurp*! Mmnn...! *Suck*, *lick*, *slurp*... The taste of precome is getting stronger... Ngh! *Suck*! What, are you about to come?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, mghhh... *Suck*! Then go on, come... *Slurp*... *Suck*, *Smack*...! Just come anytime you feel like it.
Yuuji: You won't even let me choose where...?
Captain Garrett: *Lick*, mmhh... Of course not... *Suck*, *slurp*! *Lick*... I can't let you come right on my face, you idiot... *Smack*, *lick*!
Narration: *So she's okay with sucking my dick, but not letting me shoot on her face...? What kind of standards are those...?*
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, *slurp*, *smack*, *lick*! Enough yammering! Just come alrea― Mgghh! *Lick*, *smack*! *Slurp*! 
Yuuji: You just said come whenever I want to...
Captain Garrett: *Slurp*... *Suck*, *Smack*...! That was just some lip service... *Suck*, *lick*, *slurp*... *Smack*!
Narration: *Captain Garrett speeds up her moving, and though she doesn't say it, she sucks even harder, like she wants me to hurry up and come.*
Narration: *Her hand motions speed up as well, bringing me closer to my limit.*
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, *smack*, *suck*, *slurp*! *Suck*, *lick*, *slurp*... *Smack*... *suck*... *lick*...!
Yuuji: ...I'm going to end up coming in your mouth...
Captain Garrett: *Suck*, *slurp*...! *Snack*... Mnnhhh... Yeah, go ahead, come...! Nghh! *Lick*, *smack*! *Slurp*...! *Smack*, *suck*!
Captain Garrett: *Lick*, *slurp*! *Suck*, *lick*, *slurp*... *Lick*...! *Suck*! *Slurp*...! *Smack*... *lick*...!
Narration: *Captain Garrett continues to pleasure me without stopping; her hands rubbing me as her tongue licks, bringing me over the edge.*
Captain Garrett: Nghhh! Mmphh... Fhuhh... Nghh, nnhh... Kuhh... Nhhh, mmhhh...
Narration: *As if to coax out every last drop, Captain Garrett continues to stimulate me with her tongue as I ejaculate.*
Narration: *If she does that, my hips will quiver involuntarily. But because she has a secure grip on my penis, it doesn't slip out of her mouth.*
Captain Garrett: Ngh... Phew... Huh. Doesn't it seem like there's more than earlier...?
Yuuji: Who knows...?
Narration: *I mean, if I come a few more times, the quantity's obviously going to taper off... but the second time around, it's not really that predictable.*
Captain Garrett: Well, whatever...
Captain Garrett: More importantly, can you explain this, Kazami? I've already made you come twice, but you're still rock hard. Even harder than before, actually.
Yuuji: Well... the blowjob was great, but I think I'd rather move on to your pussy now...
Captain Garrett: I see... so that's what this is about...
Narration: *Captain Garrett nods, my dick still in her mouth.*
Narration: *I find myself a little worried about her mental condition... but one wrong move and I'll have my little friend bitten clean off, so I decide to hold my tongue.*
Captain Garrett: ...Well... I did say I'd give you a reward... Fine. I'll make a special exception! You can stick it in my pussy.
Yuuji: All right, guess I'll have to start off by getting you wet...
Captain Garrett: That won't be necessary.
Yuuji: Huh... Are you a masochist...?
Captain Garrett: No! Your dick is more than adequately lubricated already. That's all I meant!
Yuuji: ...You think?
Narration: *If she's tight, it still might be better to do some preparation...*
Captain Garrett: You don't look convinced... Fine, I'll get it wetter myself.
Narration: *With that, she opens her mouth wide.*
Captain Garrett: Mmm, ahh... aahhhh... Nghhh...
Narration: *The semen stored in her mouth slowly drips out, flowing through her tongue and lips.*
Narration: *Captain Garrett thoroughly coats my penis with the semen, from the tip down to the base.*
Yuuji: Oh, so what's what you mean... I thought you were going to masturbate in front of me.
Captain Garrett: As if I could let you see me doing that!
Narration: *So sex is fine, but masturbating isn't?*
Narration: *I've thought the same thing already, but Captain Garrett's standards really are strange...*
Captain Garrett: All right, this should be enough.
Yuuji: Ahh... I don't think I can hold it much longer...
Captain Garrett: I should've kept rubbing you off...
Yuuji: What a contrarian...
Captain Garrett: Hmph... So, any positions you want?
Yuuji: Yeah, can you lie down face up?
Captain Garrett: All right, move.
Narration: *Captain Garrett does as I ask, and I grab her legs and lift them up.*
Narration: *Hmm, despite her muscular build, her hole is pretty small.*
Captain Garrett: Hey, quit staring and start pounding.
Yuuji: What, you wanted it that much?
Captain Garrett: No! I went out of my way to lube your dick up, so you better hurry.
Captain Garrett: And don't give me lip like that!
Yuuji: All right, I'm putting it in...
Captain Garrett: Hey, don't ignore me.
Narration: *I pay no heed to Captain Garrett, currently with a frown on her face, and thrust my dick into the hole in front of me.*
Captain Garrett: Fughh... uhnn...
Yuuji: Annie, you're pretty dang moist inside...
Captain Garrett: That's just your come.
Captain Garrett: And don't call me Annie.
Yuuji: Why not?
Captain Garrett: Isn't it obvious? Since when did we get that close?
Yuuji: But I mean, we're having sex. You could at least say we're intimate, right?
Captain Garrett: Well, I suppose you could.
Yuuji: Then wouldn't it be fitting that I call you by a nickname, Annie?
Captain Garrett: .........
Yuuji: Hmm? Are you blushing?
Captain Garrett: Do you want to die?
Yuuji: If you'll kill me... save it for after we have sex, Annie.
Captain Garrett: Hmph, you idiot...
Narration: *The furrow between Annie's brows disappears, and her aggressive aura dissipates.*
Narration: *It'd be even more enjoyable if she wasn't as intimidating, but... well, that wouldn't be like her.*
Yuuji: Annie, I'm going to move now...
Captain Garrett: This is your reward. Do whatever you want.
Yuuji: Well then, if I may...
Captain Garrett: Nhhh... Fhuhh... Haghh... Hahhh... Nghh!
Yuuji: Everyone really does feel different in their own way...
Captain Garrett: I might as well ask ― compared to whom...?
Yuuji: I wasn't comparing you with anyone. It just felt different than when I did it with Asako, so I'm just a bit surprised.
Captain Garrett: Huh... With Asako, you say?
Captain Garrett: By the way, different in what way?
Yuuji: Let's see... her insides felt really dense... especially the tightness, or rather, how it wrapped around you, I guess?
Captain Garrett: I see... so you're saying my pussy's loose, is that right?
Yuuji: How do you end up taking it that way...?
Yuuji: I mean, you do have a huge ass so you've got a good bit of room... but you're pretty well-toned, so you're pretty damn tight.
Captain Garrett: Hmph... A little too late to start sucking up...
Yuuji: Like I said, why'd you have to take it that way...?
Captain Garrett: Mmmphhh!
Yuuji: ―!
Narration: *Annie's insides quickly tighten, clenching down against me firmly.*
Narration: *Because of the fluids ― Annie claims it's semen ― it's not like I can't move or anything, but to be frank, it kinda hurts.*
Captain Garrett: Hmm... I was curious about the dick that Asako trained up, but I guess it's not all that it's cracked up to be...
Narration: *Again, this sense of rivalry towards Asako.*
Narration: *I'd rather not involve myself in this... but I don't want to have my mentor getting insulted like this.*
Yuuji: ...It's not like you to jump to conclusions, Annie!
Captain Garrett: Mngghh! Fughh, nghhh... Hahh, haahhh...
Narration: *The moment I thrust deep inside, her tight insides quickly loosen up, as if the tension keeping them in place has weakened.*
Narration: *Seizing my chance, I thrust deep inside her... and then follow it up with more in quick succession.*
Captain Garrett: Ngh! Kuhh, fuhhh... Haghh, nghh! Ahh, ngh... Mmmgh! Hagh, hahhh... Nghh, kuh!
Yuuji: Looks like you're getting nice and moist inside, Annie.
Captain Garrett: Ahh, fhuh... Nghh... Shaddap, you stupid... Nghh, fuhh... Those fluids are the semen on your dick, I said.
Yuuji: That is what you said. At first, anyway...
Narration: *I'm pretty sure that's not the truth now...*
Yuuji: But you're even wetter now than you were before.
Captain Garrett: Hahhh... nhh, fuhh... Hahhh, ahhh... then... that's just your precome...
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *She just won't admit it, will she...?*
Narration: *Maybe I should change my strategy...*
Narration: *I pull my hips backward, and begin to scrape the insides, avoiding contact deep inside her.*
Captain Garrett: Hagh, haahhh... Ngh... Your hips aren't moving as much now... nhh, fuhh... Tired already?
Yuuji: I'm having sex with you, Annie... I want to taste your pussy for as long as I can...
Captain Garrett: ...Ngh.
Narration: *Perhaps moved by my words, Annie's insides quiver.*
Narration: *Not letting the moment escape me, I quickly thrust deep inside once again.*
Captain Garrett: Nghkk.. ughhnn! Hagh! Ahh, Agh... A surprise attack...? Nghh, how dare, you...
Yuuji: Oh, Annie, your insides are shaking.
Captain Garrett: Agh, guhh... Ngh... Don't just ignore me... Kuhh, mnnnhh... while pounding me...
Yuuji: Annie, it feels so hot inside you, like you're melting... It's getting wetter and wetter... this is amazing.
Captain Garrett: Hagh... Agh... Nhh, nghh... Because you suddenly sped up... Fuuhhh... What, are you gonna come...?
Yuuji: No, I just wanted your pussy to start shaking more so I did it harder.
Captain Garrett: Kuh, fuhh... Nghh... You stupid... Don't say it...! Aghh, fuhh... nghh... it's your dick that's shaking here...
Captain Garrett: Ahh, unghh... nhh... Haghh...! It's jumping up and down inside me...
Yuuji: Fine, if that's what you say... Annie.
Captain Garrett: Haahh... Hahh, nnhh... I don't like this― Aghh, kuhh... If you're gonna― Ngh! Then you'd bette― Kuhh, ungghhh!!
Yuuji: Do you like it when I rub against you deep inside...? You just tightened up.
Captain Garrett: Nhh, fuhh... hahh, aghh... As if... Nghh, ahh, unhhh... I'm not feeling anything... from your teeny little dick...
Narration: *She just said it was big, and now it's tiny?*
Narration: *She must be experiencing so much pleasure that she isn't thinking straight anymore.*
Captain Garrett: Hahh, ngh... fuhh, kuhh... your dick's... gotten bigger... haghhh... Nghh! Ahh, mm...
Yuuji: I can't exactly tell myself... but I'm surprised you noticed...
Captain Garrett: Ahh, fhuhh... Ngh... Haghh... Of course I... can... Aghh, mmm... You're about to come, right...?
Yuuji: Yeah, Annie. You're so cute, I just can't hold it anymore.
Captain Garrett: Kuhh... Nghh... I'm going to murder you later, I swear...
Yuuji: I'll let you use my dick anytime you want, Annie. Could you let me off the hook...?
Captain Garrett: Haghh, hahhh... that so...? Then lemme use it now... Agh, nghh... I'm gonna snap that dick of yours in half... Mmphhhh...!
Narration: *Just as she tells me that, she tightens up on my dick with all her strength.*
Narration: *Her fleshy walls, moist with vaginal juices, rub against my penis, coaxing an ejaculation from me.*
Yuuji: Annie, I'm coming...
Captain Garrett: Kuh, ngh... Haghh... You're enjoying that...? What kind of sicko are you... Ahhh, nghh... Fhuhh, hagh...
Yuuji: That's just how good your pussy feels, Annie.
Captain Garrett: Ugh, nghh...! Haghhh, ngh... stupid! Enough talk... just come already...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *I get to the home stretch, ever closer to climax.*
Captain Garrett: Kuh, nghh! Haghh! Ahh... agh, mm... Kazami― Nnhh... not outside... Ngh! Come in me...!
Yuuji: Got it.
Captain Garrett: Haghh, hahh... kuhh, mnnh! Agh, guhh... Don't get me wrong, okay...? I just don't want the bed to get all dirty... Ngh, kuhh... That's why I want you to come inside me.
Yuuji: You don't have to put up the pretense, I get it.
Captain Garrett: No...! Nghh! Aghh, kuhnhh... I'm not making this... up... Hahh, aghh...! I'm serious...!
Yuuji: Annie, I'm coming inside...
Captain Garrett: Haghh... Mmm, fhuh... Why... do you keep on... hagh, nghh... ignoring what I say...!
Narration: *I once again pay no heed to what she says, pounding as hard as I can, ejaculating deep inside her.*
Captain Garrett: Ugh! Nn, nghhhh...!
Narration: *The moment I ejaculate into her, Annie's walls contract, as if convulsing.*
Yuuji: Looks like you came too, Annie.
Captain Garrett: Hagh, hahhh... Nnn, hahh... Don't make me repeat myself... Hahnhh... I can't feel a thing... from your... guhh... tiny little dick...
Yuuji: Try being honest with yourself for once...
Captain Garrett: Hah, ngh... I'm... always honest...! Nghh, haahhh... haghh...
Captain Garrett: Fuhhh, ugh... Ahh... are you ever going to stop coming...? Nhh, nghh... My pussy's already full...
Yuuji: Sorry, Annie... your pussy just feels too damn good... Just a little bit more...
Captain Garrett: Haghh, ughh... you already came twice... Nghh! Damn... just how much jizz... kuhh... did you have saved up...?
Yuuji: Well... I guess enough to fill you up one more time...?
Captain Garrett: Mm, nghh... Haahhh... Hagh, this is some... crazy dick I'm― Nghh... dealing with...
Yuuji: But Captain Garrett, you're the one who suggested it in the first place.
Captain Garrett: Hahh... Haghh... Well you're the one who set... Nhh, this up...
Narration: *I suppose so, but... To have set this all up? I'm just a mere pebble on the roadside.*
Narration: *Annie's the one who stepped aside, picked it up, and had everything lead into this... But I keep that to myself.*
Narration: *If I said it, she really might snap my dick in two.*
Captain Garrett: Ngh, hahhh... You're finally done coming...
Narration: *Every time she breathes, her insides contract a little, making me leak out a little bit more semen.*
Narration: *I know I'd been pretty pent up, but... I sure did come a lot.*
Yuuji: So... what now? I've got enough to fill you full once over.
Captain Garrett: Hmm... Well, this is your reward and all. Keep going 'til you empty your tanks.
Captain Garrett: But no rough stuff, okay?
Yuuji: Because you won't be able to hide how good you're feeling?
Captain Garrett: Hell no! You might make the semen inside me spill out and get the bed dirty! And like hell I'm cleaning the sheets!
Narration: *If she sounded less liable to tear my head off, it'd come off kind of cute...*
Captain Garrett: Hey, are you listening, Kazami!?
Yuuji: Yeah, got it. But just make sure you keep your pussy tight.
Captain Garrett: ...Fine... I'll tighten up just like you want... Nghh...!
Narration: *After making sure Annie tightens up ― still convulsing at that ― I start moving my hips to thrust in deeper.*
Captain Garrett: Fuhhh... Guhh, nghh... Ahh, nghh... nghhh, Kuhh! Ngghh...!
Yuuji: Your insides are rubbing against my dick... it feels great...
Captain Garrett: Haghh... hahhh, Nghh... hahhh, looks like... it... Ahh, aghh... I can really feel your dick going wild in there...
Yuuji: How about you, Annie?
Captain Garrett: Ahh, nghh... fuhhh, hahh... Me...? I'm just... fine... nghh, ahhh... Isn't that obvious...?
Yuuji: Even though your pussy's been twitching the entire time?
Captain Garrett: Haghh, nghh... Ahh― What do you even... agh... mean...?
Narration: *What a hardheaded chick...*
Captain Garrett: Kugh... Nghh!! Aughahh... you imbecile... Aahh, I just said no rough stuff... Nghh! Aghh...
Yuuji: Yeah, so you did.
Yuuji: ...But I figured if you tightened up while I was moving around, the semen'll end up spilling out anyway, so whatever.
Captain Garrett: Haghh... Nghh! Hahh... As i― Guhh, unghh!!
Narration: *As I push deep through her moist folds and contact the back of her vagina, she quivers a little.*
Captain Garrett: Ahh, kuhh... I said, don't get rough... Hnnnpphhhh...!
Yuuji: Oh, this tightness, excellent...
Captain Garrett: Kuhh, fuhh... Nghh... Damn, ahh, ughh... Backfired, huh...?
Narration: *Annie practically constricts me, but because her insides are well moistened with love juice and come, moving is no real issue.*
Narration: *In fact, it feels so good in her that I end up moving even more roughly.*
Captain Garrett: Agh, kuhfuhh... Nhh, nghh... You idiot... stop pounding me... Ahhh, ungh... the semen inside's spilling... ugh... kuhhh, getting the bed dirty...!
Yuuji: Well, I'll just move only deep inside you so I don't squeeze much out onto the bed.
Captain Garrett: Fuhhh, kuhh...! Nghh... Haaghh...! Agh, kuhh! Listen to your... superior's orders...!
Yuuji: But Annie, right now, we're just man and woman.
Captain Garrett: Nghh... Ahh, fughh... Nghhh! Goddammit... I shouldn't have let you call me that...
Narration: *She furrows her brows and stares me down, but it isn't the least bit intimidating.*
Yuuji: How do you want me to do it? I guess you like it deep?
Captain Garrett: Hahh... Mm, fuhh... It's not like I wa― Kunghh...! Kuhh, fuhh... Haahh...!
Yuuji: I see... But I like going all the way inside you...
Captain Garrett: Fughh... Hahhh, nghhh... Ahh― What do you... mean...?
Yuuji: You're so tight in the back... Makes me wish I could just be here forever.
Captain Garrett: Nghh...! I'm not so loose... ngh, fuhh, ahh, aghh... That I'd let you... stay...
Yuuji: Well... at least let me just this one time.
Captain Garrett: Ahh, kuhh! Phew, ahh... hahh, this is your reward, so... Nghhh! I'll let you off, just for... Nghh! Today...
Narration: *For a split second, Annie's intense tightness gave way to a softer, gentler squeeze.*
Yuuji: Damn... now that wasn't fair...
Captain Garrett: Nghh, kuhh... Mmm... What's wrong...?
Yuuji: No, just that even though I want to fuck more, I'm about to come...
Captain Garrett: Haghh... Nnhh, mmm... Heh... nn, ah... What a quick shot...
Yuuji: Wait. You can't seriously mean that at this point, right...?
Captain Garrett: Nhh, ahhh... Aghh... Who cares... Mhh! Nghh... Kuhhh, mmphhh!
Yuuji: Ngh!
Narration: *Annie takes advantage of my momentary distraction to tighten up once again.*
Narration: *I was supposed to lead her on until the very end, but... I ended up letting her make me come. How shameful.*
Captain Garrett: Kuhh, fuhhh...! Ngh, fuhh... unghhh...! Hah, ahh, aghhh...!
Narration: *It's scary how amazing her moist walls feel as they stimulate my dick. My hips tremble, as if they're about to give out entirely.*
Captain Garrett: Mmhh... Hey, quit moving... Nghh... The jizz is gonna pour out of my pussy...
Yuuji: Let me lean on you a bit, then...
Captain Garrett: Nnhhh, whoa...! Ooff, unghh...
Narration: *As my dick, still coming, makes contact with her cervix, Annie's pussy tightens once more.*
Narration: *And when she tightens up, the semen inside is squeezed out.*
Yuuji: Looks like all the come ended up spilling out anyway...
Captain Garrett: Haahh... haghh, nghh... Well that's... not my fault... Ahh, ughh... You just came too damn much...
Captain Garrett: Nngkhhh... Hahh, agh... this is your fourth time. You need to hold back...
Yuuji: I can't control how much I can come... If it feels great, then I'll come. And if it doesn't then I won't...
Captain Garrett: A lot of lip from someone with a sorry excuse for a dick...
Captain Garrett: And you're heavy... If you're done then get off me...
Narration: *Not much in terms of an afterglow...*
Narration: *I wanted to rest my head in her breasts and relax for a bit like when it was with Asako, but I guess that's asking for too much.*
Narration: *I get off the bed and start wiping up with the tissue.*
Yuuji: Annie.
Captain Garrett: What?
Yuuji: Not "what"... Here's the tissues. You gotta clean up, right? Or do you want me to do it?
Captain Garrett: Oh shaddap. Just leave it there.
Yuuji: Well, sure... but you don't want to wipe yourself off first?
Captain Garrett: ...I need to think about my schedule later so I'll do it after...
Narration: *You can do that while you clean up, though...*
Narration: *If she just lets it be, the semen inside her will leak out and dirty the bed...*
Narration: *But maybe...*
Yuuji: You were going on about how big it was ― you can't move or something...?
Captain Garrett: Ohoh... is that a declaration of war...?
Captain Garrett: All right, come on!
Yuuji: Hmm... Seeing as you're not doing anything, I guess I hit the nail on the head.
Yuuji: Despite all the talk about my "worthless dick", you felt it so much that your hips gave out. That's just so cute, Annie.
Captain Garrett: You've got guts, Kazami...
Narration: *Oh. Looks like she's just about snapped.*
Yuuji: Well then, I have received my reward, so excuse me, Captain Garrette!
Narration: *From our intimacy, I return to our normal relationship and leave Captain Garrett's room.*
Narration: *However, that of course was not enough to escape Captain Garrett's wrath. Her anger, having grown stronger, directed itself at me by making me go through "punishment" far worse than anyone else in the rest of the squad.*
Captain Garrett: Kazamiiii! Quit running like a pussy! That's 30 more laps for you!
Narration: *I was just telling her the truth... How unfair...*

Narration: *My sister had begun attending a famous private school on the wishes of our parents, on the theory that a high-quality education would help nurture her talents as a painter.*
Narration: *But my sister deliberately betrayed our parents' overblown expectations, shunning Takizono Academy's fine arts clubs in favor of the basketball team.*
Narration: *Her grades in academic subjects and P.E. alike were suspiciously consistent 70s across the board.*
Narration: *Hiding her overwhelming talents, Kazuki pursued a tranquil everyday life.*
Narration: *That sharp tongue of hers still made a few appearances, of course... But in a school for rich young ladies, a slightly thorny attitude was nothing out of the ordinary.*
Narration: *On top of which, Kazuki was trying very hard to come off as a pleasant, mild-mannered girl to her classmates.*
Narration: *Once in a blue moon, she'd even invite a "friend" or three over... putting on her little act the whole time, of course.*
Sakuma: Oh, wow. So you share a room with your little brother, huh?
Kazuki: Yes.
Sakashita: Sorry there's so many of us barging in.
Yuuji: It's nothing...
Narration: *That day, Kazuki came home with some other girls from the same club.*
Narration: *Not being used to socializing, I feel pretty uncomfortable, to be honest.*
Kaneda: Umm... What was your name again? Yuuki-kun?
Ibuki: It's Yuuji-kun, Kaneda-senpai.
Sakurai: Nice to meet you, Yuuji-kun. I'm Sakurai Mifuyu. Nice to meet you.
Yuuji: Ah, yes... Nice to meet you...
Narration: *I was told ― very sternly ― not to get close with other girls. Lost on how to react, I ended up replying in a very weak voice.*
Yuuji: Umm... I'll go outside...
Kazuki: Oh, I don't particularly mind.
Yuuji: But...
Kazuki: We won't be talking about anything you shouldn't be hearing anyway. There's no need to be so conscious, so just stay here.
Yuuji: ...Okay. I got it...
Sakuma: Kazami, you're being kind of harsh... I think Yuuji-kun's scared.
Kazuki: Don't be silly. This is how he always acts around me.
Kaneda: Hmm, really? I fight with my little brother constantly. I get the feeling you two actually get along pretty well.
Kazuki: ...Oh. You think so?
Narration: *It doesn't show on her face, but I think Kazuki's a bit pleased by what Kaneda-san said.*
Narration: *Her tone of voice was just a little bit higher.*
Sakurai: Yuuji-kun is so cuuuute. I wish I had a little brother too.
Sakashita: He looks a lot like you, Kazami-san... He really is cute.
Ibuki: Huh...? Captain Sakashita, are you into that kind of thing...?
Sakashita: What do you mean...?
Ibuki: You're a shotacon?
Sakashita: Of course not!
Sakashita: He's not that much younger, right!?
Kaneda: Yuuji-kun, how old are you?
Yuuji: Ahh, umm... two years younger than Nee-chan.
Sakashita: See, look. He's not in that age range for shotacon anymore. And besides, I don't see him that way.
Sakuma: By the way, Sakashita... I'm surprised you even know what "shotacon" is...
Sakashita: Ah―
Sakurai: Umm... What does "shotacon" mean?
Ibuki: Ahh, well, you see―
Sakashita: You don't have to tell her!
Sakurai: Ehhh... You're leaving me out on this? That's terrible...
Sakuma: I'll tell you about it later.
Sakashita: Sakuma!
Sakuma: Uwaah! Don't yell at me when you're that close... my ears are ringing...
Ibuki: Look, forget about that...
Sakuma: No, no, no can do. You gotta be nicer to me, Buki!
Ibuki: Yuuji-kun's scared.
Sakashita: Ah―
Sakashita: Sorry, Yuuji-kun. We didn't mean to frighten you.
Sakashita: Also, I'm not a shotacon, so don't worry.
Yuuji: O-Okay...
Sakurai: It's all right, Yuuji-kun. Sakashita-san is pretty scary when she's mad, but she's really a nice person deep down.
Yuuji: Wahh―!
Kaneda: Hey, Sakurai, don't just take advantage of the situation and hug him...
Sakurai: But Yuuji-kun's so cute!
Kaneda: I mean, I understand where you're coming from...
Ibuki: Kaneda-senpai, you're patting him on the head too...
Kaneda: Well, you know. He's cute and all.
Sakuma: Geez, I swear...
Ibuki: Kuma-senpai, you need to tell them off!
Sakuma: It's my turn next, all right?
Ibuki: Hey now...
Kazuki: Hehehe...
Ibuki: Kazami-san, quit laughing and tell them off... They might traumatize the poor boy.
Kazuki: Traumatize? They're simply doting on him, aren't they?
Kazuki: Seeing my little brother get so much attention makes me proud. I don't see any reason to tell them off.
Ibuki: What the heck...? Am I the only one who sees this is weird...?
Sakashita: Relax, Ibuki-san... I agree with you here.
Sakuma: Ahhh, Yuuji-kun, aren't you just adorable... I just love how he's so perfectly huggable!
Kazuki: Hehe, that's just the tip of the iceberg for Yuuji's cuteness.
Narration: *Kazuki's lips curl into a smile, and a horrible feeling assaults me.*
Narration: *I need to run―*
Narration: *My body immediately reacted, but because I was being hugged by Sakuma-san, I was pinned down.*
Narration: *It took a few moments for me to realize the fact... and by then, I'd already been captured by Kazuki.*
Narration: *When exactly, I forget, but Kazuki said she wanted to "draw inanimate objects", and had our parents buy her a pair of handcuffs.*
Narration: *Except they wouldn't be for artistic purposes at all, but for rrestraining me... I can't believe they'd find use here...*
Sakashita: K-Kazami-san...? What are you...?
Kazuki: I simply wanted to let everyone see an even more adorable side of Yuuji's.
Narration: *Kazuki's words send a chill down my spine.*
Narration: *She gives the cuffs a strong tug, as if gesturing "I won't let you escape."*
Narration: *Still... I could really force it and run away.*
Narration: *But as if reining me in without letting the others notice, Kazuki steps firmly on my foot.*
Narration: *The door, normally in a few seconds' reach, now seems to be an eternity away...*
Narration: *At that moment, my eye is reflected in the locked doorknob.*
Narration: *And so, even if I managed to fumble my way to escape, I would only end up rattling the doorknob, panicked... And by the time I realized the doorknob was locked, it would have been too late, for I would be captured once more.*
Narration: *I'm sure Kazuki's made other preparations to make sure I can't possibly escape.*
Narration: *No matter how desperately I struggle, I... really can't win against Kazuki...*
Narration: *Something in me snaps. My body completely loses strength, and I lose all will to resist.*
Ibuki: Uhh, why do you even have handcuffs to begin with?
Kazuki: Oh? But isn't it the norm for boys to carry these around?
Ibuki: Ehh...? I don't think so.
Kaneda: Ahh, I remember my brother carried around a toy pair...
Kazuki: See?
Ibuki: Is that just how it is...?
Kazuki: Of course.
Ibuki: Hmmm... So it is.
Narration: *She somehow manages to convince everyone in less than a minute.*
Kazuki: Now, how about it? Would you like to see even more of Yuuji's adorable side?
Sakurai: Wow, I'd love to!
Kaneda: What is it, photos of him as a kid?
Kazuki: Those are indeed cute, but this is something else entirely.
Sakuma: Oh, a letter he wrote to you?
Kazuki: Nope, not that either.
Narration: *She continues to talk, like the handcuffs placed on me are absolutely not out of place ― as if it was perfectly normal.*
Kazuki: Here... is the answer.
Narration: *In the midst of that strange atmosphere, Kazuki smiles all the more... and pulls my pants down.*
Narration: *In the heat of the moment ― perhaps intentionally or perhaps not... she also pulls my underwear down.*
Sakurai: Whoa!
Kaneda: Ehhhh!?
Sakuma: Huh, so that's what it looks like.
Ibuki: .........
Narration: *Surprise. Shock. Curiosity. Speechlessness. A variety of responses from the group.*
Narration: *Though I had lost all drive to resist, having your privates seen is still quite embarrassing, so I instinctively reached down to pull my pants up.*
Narration: *Except ― I am stopped by Kazuki's handcuffs.*
Narration: *Left unable to do anything, I simply stand, my shame exposed for all the world to see.*
Sakashita: W-Wait a minute, Kazami-san, what in the world are you doing!?
Kazuki: What am I doing...? Just as I said ― showing you an even cuter side of Yuuji.
Sakashita: "A cuter side"...? You...
Sakurai: This is the first time I've ever seen a dick...
Sakuma: I've seen ones in manga and stuff, but... this is my first time seeing one in the flesh.
Kaneda: Whoa...
Ibuki: W-Wait, everyone, why are you all staring...?
Kazuki: If you're curious, feel free to touch it.
Sakashita: Kazami-san, please don't joke...
Ibuki: Y-Yeah... I mean, that's... going a little too...
Narration: *After those words, silence falls on the group.*
Narration: *Left even more unable to move, all I can do is stand, my lower half exposed.*
Narration: *Kaneda is the first to break the suffocating silence.*
Kaneda: W-Well... I guess I'll try... touching it...
Sakashita: Ka-Kaneda-san!? Are you insane!?
Kaneda: I-I mean... I guess I am a bit curious...
Kaneda: Aren't... all of you...?
The Other Four: .........
Narration: *Perhaps she guessed right ― the other four are quiet.*
Kaneda: Oh, but... If Yuuji-kun doesn't want me to, then...
Narration: *She looks at me, as if asking... But I didn't know what to answer back.*
Kazuki: It's fine, right, Yuuji?
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Narration: *I really didn't want to... but I couldn't reject a "request" from Kazuki.*
Sakurai: T-Then... can I... too?
Yuuji: ...Yes.
Sakuma: Then... I guess I'll join in.
Ibuki: I-I'm not having any part of this, okay? This is just crazy.
Sakashita: That's right... This is just not normal...
Sakuma: So... I guess it's just the three of us?
Kaneda: I-I suppose so.
Sakurai: Yes.
Narration: *The three of them nod to each other in confirmation... and crouch down.*
Narration: *The three of them bring their faces closer to my crotch, their still-warm breaths making contact with me.*
Narration: *I'm being seen. Very, very up close.*
Narration: *Just thinking about it makes me want to dig myself into a hole even further.*
Sakuma: Yuuji-kun, we're not going to hurt you. Don't be scared, okay?
Yuuji: .......
Narration: *Maybe my throat is parched ― I lose my voice.*
Sakurai: Just wait a minute, Yuuji-kun. I'll put myself in your shoes.
Kaneda: Huh!? Sakurai, what are you...?
Kaneda: Hey, why are you stripping!?
Sakurai: I mean, Yuuji-kun has his privates exposed, but we're still in our uniforms. Isn't that unfair?
Kaneda: What kind of logic is that...?
Sakuma: ...Okay. I'm with you, Sakurai.
Kaneda: Ehhh!? Sakuma-senpai!?
Sakuma: I think she makes sense... Plus, it sounds more interesting that way.
Kaneda: Ehhh...? The way things are going, it's like I'd need to strip too...
Sakurai: Well, you don't have to go along if you don't want to, Kaneda-san.
Kaneda: But that would make it seem like I'm the bad guy here...
Narration: *As she remarks that, she begins to unbutton her uniform, reluctantly.*
Narration: *Pink, white, and yellow-green underwear ― Sakurai-san and the other two strip, or roll their clothes up, exposing their breasts.*
Narration: *The three's sizes were all different, but all of theirs were larger than Kazuki.*
Sakurai: See, now we're just like you, Yuuji-kun.
Yuuji: ...Yes...
Narration: *I reply meekly, and Sakurai-san smiles slightly in response.*
Narration: *And... the three once again bring their faces closer to my crotch.*
Sakurai: So this is what a dick looks like...
Kaneda: H-Hey, Sakurai... maybe you shouldn't keep saying it like that...?
Sakurai: It? Saying what?
Kaneda: Well, you know... calling a man's... you know... by that...
Sakurai: Huh? Am I wrong? Oh, or do you mean I should go by the book and refer to it as a penis?
Kaneda: No... Just... never mind. Call it what you want to...
Sakurai: ?
Sakuma: Well, I still can't believe guys. They can live with something like this stuck to them?
Sakuma: ...Hey, Yuuji-kun. Isn't it kind of heavy?
Yuuji: Eh...? Umm... The thought's never crossed my mind...
Sakuma: Huh, is that so?
Narration: *Kazuki's seen me countless times before, but... when a complete stranger sees you, it's unbelievably embarrassing.*
Sakurai: H-Hey, Yuuji-kun... can I... touch your dick?
Yuuji: Y-Yes...
Kaneda: Hey, that's not fair, Sakurai! I'm the one who stepped up and said I'd touch it!
Sakuma: ...Oh, it's a lot softer than I thought.
Kaneda: Wait, Sakuma-senpai! Don't just touch it like that!
Sakuma: Who cares, no one's got anything to lose.
Sakurai: You're right. It's all like, soft and squishy.
Kaneda: Et tu, Sakurai!? Even though I was the first to say anything...
Narration: *While sulking, Kaneda touches it as the other two do.*
Kaneda: Oh, it is pretty soft. I thought it'd be harder.
Kazuki: Are you three children or something...? It's not erect. Of course it wouldn't be hard.
Kaneda: Look, it's the first time we've ever seen one! How are we supposed to know that?
Sakuma: Do you know all about them, Kazami?
Kazuki: I have a fair amount of knowledge.
Sakurai: Hey, Kazami-san. How do you make a dick hard?
Kazuki: There are many ways, but... I suppose stimulating it would be the fastest.
Sakurai: Stimulating...?
Sakuma: Stroking it with your hand, for example.
Sakurai: I see...
Kaneda: Oh, I'm going to be the first this time!
Narration: *Kaneda-san, followed by Sakurai-san, then Sakuma-san, all get ahold of it.*
Yuuji: Ugh...
Narration: *They said it was their first time seeing one ― not knowing how much force to exert, they grip it tightly, which hurts quite a bit.*
Kaneda: Umm... by stroking, you mean like rubbing it back and forth, right?
Sakuma: Yes, that's right.
Sakurai: Back and forth...
Narration: *On Sakurai-san's cue, the three begin to stroke.*
Narration: *But since all of them didn't determine an order, their movements are a mess.*
Kaneda: Whoa, it's jiggling everywhere, I can't get a good grip on it...
Sakurai: Ahh, no, Kaneda-san... you need to be more gentle...
Kaneda: Eh? Ahh, sorry...
Sakuma: Yuuji-kun, are you okay?
Yuuji: Ye―... Yes...
Sakuma: Sorry Kaneda kind of hurt you there. I'll be a lot gentler to make up for it.
Kaneda: Ughh... I-I'll lighten up too...
Narration: *Once the three adjust their grips as if handling something delicate, the sensation of their stroking becomes more akin to petting.*
Narration: *My gaze moves from my groin, where a dull pain still remains, to their chests.*
Narration: *Their bodies are different from Kazuki's. The gentle curves of their collarbones and breasts; their full, luscious lips; their sharp, defined eyes...*
Narration: *They're the first girls beside Kazuki who I've seen as intimately.*
Sakurai: Ah... Yuuji-kun's dick just twitched...
Sakuma: Maybe it means he's starting to feel good?
Kaneda: Huh... So stroking it like this feels good...?
Narration: *Their movements begin to feel better and better, the pleasure slowly increasing.*
Sakuma: Oh, it twitched again.
Sakurai: So it feels good here...?
Yuuji: Ugh, ahh...
Sakurai: Oh, so it does feel good here.
Kaneda: Huh, where, where?
Sakurai: Right here. You see where it sticks out a little?
Kaneda: Let me see...
Yuuji: Ungh...
Kaneda: Ohh, you're right. It just jumped in my hand.
Sakuma: Let me try too.
Kaneda: Here you go.
Sakuma: The little bumpy part, eh...?
Yuuji: Ahh, kuh...
Sakuma: Hmm...?
Narration: *Because they continued to play around and stimulate my penis, I unashamedly get an erection right in front of the three girls.*
Kaneda: Whoa... 
Sakuma: Huh, so it gets this big when it's erect?
Sakurai: It was so cute just earlier. What a mystery...
Narration: *When they gawk at it like that, I could just burst into flames from how hot I feel from embarrassment.*
Kaneda: Oh...? Isn't this part getting wet?
Sakurai: ...Oh, you're right.
Kazuki: Ahh, that's fluid from the bulbourethral gland. Though you might know it better as Cowper's fluid, or pre-ejaculate.
Sakuma: Oh, that stuff that comes out when you get hot and bothered, or feel good?
Kazuki: Yes, indeed.
Sakurai: Wow, he's feeling good? I'm so glad!
Kaneda: ...Oh right, they say that guys' sem― errr, "that stuff" is bitter, but... is this also bitter...?
Sakuma: Should we... try and find out...?
Kaneda: E-Ehh!? Sakuma-senpai, are you going to... to... lick it...?
Sakuma: Kaneda, I'm as curious about the taste as you are...
Sakuma: Besides, I wouldn't mind if it was Yuuji-kun's.
Kaneda: .........
Sakurai: Umm, Sakuma-senpai... can I go after you?
Sakuma: Of course.
Sakurai: Sweet!
Sakuma: Nhh... *lick*... Mm, mnhhh...
Sakurai: H-How is it...?
Sakuma: You should try it too, Sakurai.
Sakurai: Well then... excuse me... Mhhh, *lick*...
Sakurai: Oh...? There's no taste.
Kaneda: Eh? Really?
Sakuma: Why don't you try, Kaneda?
Kaneda: ...A-All right... just a bit... Mnnhh... *lick*... Nnhh...
Sakuma: See? No real taste to it, right?
Kaneda: You're right.
Sakurai: You said that stuff was bitter, right?
Kaneda: I-It's not like I've verified it myself, it's just stuff I've read about, okay? This is the first time I've done anything like this.
Sakuma: You don't have to explain that desperately, we got it...
Sakurai: Seeing as this wasn't bitter, I suppose that it will get bitter at some point in time...?
Sakuma: I really wouldn't know... do you want to find out?
Sakurai: Yes.
Sakurai: Mmhh... *slurp*... *lick*... *lick*... Ngh... phew...
Sakuma: *Lick*... *lick*... *slurp*, nhhhh... *lick*...
Yuuji: Oohh, unghh...
Kaneda: W-Whoa... The moment Sakurai and Sakuma-senpai lick him, his thing starts jumping up and down... Guys sure are weird...
Sakurai: Nnn... *lick*, *lick*... Is it just me, or is Yuuji-kun getting even harder...?
Sakuma: Mmhh, yes... Nghh, *lick* *lick*... *slurp*... But the taste still hasn't changed...
Kaneda: Really? *Lick*... *lick*... Nhh... Oh, you're right...
Sakuma: *Lick*... *slurp* *smack*... Mmnhhh... Maybe the whole thing about semen being bitter was just an urban legend...?
Sakurai: Semen...?
Sakuma: If you make him feel even better, then instead of this thin, clear stuff, he'll shoot out sticky, whitish fluid instead. That's semen.
Sakurai: Wow, I really want to see what that looks like.
Kaneda: I've never seen it either... should we keep going?
Sakurai: Yes... Mmhh... *lick*, *lick*... *slurp* *smack*... Nhhh...
Kaneda: *Lick* *lick*... *smack*, mhhh... *lick*, *smack* *slurp*...
Sakuma: Remember, you need to stroke him too, not just lick.
Kaneda: Oh, right. Mhh... Nhhh... *lick* *lick*... Mhh, nghh... *lick*...
Sakurai: Wow, Yuuji-kun's dick is twitching again...
Kaneda: Nghh, *lick* *lick*... Mm... *slurp*... Nnn, oh, so this is what guys look like when they feel good...
Sakurai: He looks like he's on the verge of losing it... *lick*, Mm... But also really enjoying it... *lick*... Mmhh, wow, so cute...
Sakuma: *Lick*... Nghh, it's like he's bringing out my maternal instincts... Nghh, *lick* *lick*... 
Kaneda: Mmm... *lick*... Nhhh, oh...? Looks like it's starting to get bitter...?
Sakuma: Huh? Lemme see. Nhh, *lick* *lick*... 
Sakurai: Ahhh, let me check too... Nghh, *lick* *lick*... Mhh...
Sakuma: You're right. It's subtle, but the taste has changed.
Sakurai: But it's still not sticky or white...
Sakurai: Ngh... *lick* *lick*... *Slurp* *smack*... Mmm, nghh... *lick* *lick*... Nghh, *Lick* *slurp*... Mnnhhh...
Sakuma: Oh, Sakurai, you're pretty aggressive.
Sakurai: Nhh, mmnn... *lick*... I want to see what semen looks like... Nghh... *lick* *lick*... 
Kaneda: *Lick* *slurp*... *lick*... Nnhh... hmm? Do you mean if we keep going, we might get to see him shoot it out right before our eyes?
Sakuma: Well, I suppose so.
Kaneda: Whoa, I'd love to see... Mmhhh! *Lick* *lick*... *slurp*... Nghh, *lick* *lick*... Nghhh...!
Yuuji: Aghh... unghh...!
Sakuma: *Lick* *lick*... Yuuji-kun's... Mphh, nghh... It's getting bitter again... *lick* *slurp*... Mnnhhh, *lick*...
Yuuji: Ugh... Kuhh...
Sakurai: *Slurp* *smack*... Nghh, mhhh... *lick* *lick*... Nhhh... *lick* *lick*...
Yuuji: Oohhh, ughh...!
Kaneda: Whoa!
Sakurai: Kyah! A whole lotta stuff just shot ou― Mmmghh!
Sakuma: Nnn~ It's kind of hidden so I dunno where it actually comes out...
Kaneda: And geez, this stuff's all over my face and hair... What a disaster...
Sakuma: This semen stuff shoots out pretty far, huh...? I had no idea...
Kaneda: Uh, why do you sound so impressed...?
Sakuma: Oh, look... the semen's stopped...
Sakurai: Wow! It really is white... and thick, too. What strange stuff...
Sakuma: Ughh, this smell... it's pretty strong...
Kaneda: Yeah... like... squid... or something?
Sakurai: *Lick*... Oh. This semen stuff really is bitter...
Kaneda: Sakurai... what a hero...
Sakurai: Huh? Me?
Kaneda: Ahh, no... it's nothing...
Sakuma: Oh? Lemme see... *lick*...
Sakuma: Ugh... I wouldn't say this is bitter... More like astringent...
Sakurai: It's a very mature kind of taste.
Kaneda: The taste of an adult...
Sakuma: Kaneda, you wanna try?
Kaneda: ...*Lick*
Kaneda: Eugh! Nasty! Blech, peh!
Sakurai: Kaneda-san, that's awfully rude to Yuuji-kun here.
Kaneda: Wh-What do you want me to do...? It was just so nasty... I ended up reacting that way on reflex.
Sakurai: Is the taste that surprising...? Mm... *lick*... nnhh, nghh... It certainly is a very adult taste.
Kaneda: Sakurai, I'm in awe...
Sakuma: Kazami, mind if we borrow your bath? I ended up getting semen on me and I'd like to clean up...
Kazuki: Oh, feel free to. It's downstairs; follow the corridor down the left, the bathroom is at the end.
Sakuma: Thank you.
Sakurai: Kazami-san, do you mind if I use it too?
Kazuki: Well then, why don't you go in together? The bath is large enough that three people can fit comfortably.
Kaneda: W-Whoa, you guys must be rich...
Sakuma: I don't mind... How about it, you two?
Sakurai: Sure, I'm fine with that.
Kaneda: Apparently semen gets all crusty when it dries up... do let me join.
Sakurai: You sure know a lot about this stuff, Kaneda-san.
Kaneda: Huh... Are you poking fun at me...?
Sakuma: Well then, it's Sakashita and Ibuki's turn.
Sakashita: ―!? I-I'm not going to do anything strange...!
Ibuki: A-And I'm not doing any... perverted stuff, like... Kuma-senpai...
Sakuma: Huh? Really?
Sakuma: But you know, Sakashita... when we were licking Yuuji-kun's dick, you were... masturbating, weren't you?
Sakashita: ―!? Ah-Ahhhh! What are you even―!?
Sakuma: What? I just said what I saw.
Sakashita: Y-You were looking!?
Sakuma: Yeah. You were sneaking glances, and playing with yourself.
Sakashita: ~~~~~!?
Sakuma: And Ibuki, you've got a lot of shota-related dirty books, don't you?
Ibuki: H-How do you know that!?
Sakuma: I come across 'em sometimes when I'm cleaning the room.
Ibuki: Kumaaaa!?
Sakuma: Well, I knew even before I found them, though.
Ibuki: Eh...?
Sakuma: I mean... you've been hiding under the sheets, reading those dirty books using your phone as a light.
Ibuki: Wha― Wha―
Sakuma: Ah man. You really thought I couldn't see you?
Sakuma: "Jun-kun, you're so cute, haahh, hahhh..." Or: "Onee-chan will make you into a big boy..." I could hear you loud and clear.
Ibuki: ~~~~~!?
Sakuma: The two of you are going straight home, when you're that turned on? People will think you're a weirdo if you're walking with ragged breaths and hiding your thighs.
Ibuki: Ugh...
Sakashita: Well, that is... not good at all...
Sakuma: Right?
Sakuma: Don't worry ― Yuuji-kun will be fine with it.
Sakashita: Yuuji-kun...
Ibuki: Will be fine...
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *At Sakuma-san's remark, Sakashita-san's and Ibuki-san's eyes seem to glaze over.*
Narration: *A fire seems to have been lit; their eyes, moist, stare right at me... leaving me further unable to move.*
Sakashita: Yuuji-kun... do you mind?
Ibuki: We won't hurt you, I swear.
Yuuji: ...Okay.
Narration: *I... am left with no other choice.*
Sakuma: All right, enjoy~
Sakuma: Oh, like you saw, when he shoots out, it goes pretty far, so I suggest you strip to keep your uniforms clean.
Sakashita: Three of us on the bed... would be a bit cramped.
Ibuki: Huh...? The bed? What are you planning to do...?
Sakashita: What am I planning...? I'm going to put it in, of course.
Ibuki: Ehhhh!?
Sakashita: W-What else can I do? I've been toying with mine for a while, so now I'm feeling needy...
Ibuki: C-Cap... Err, umm... Have you done... "it" before?
Sakashita: ...No, never. That's why I'm curious...
Ibuki: Putting Yuuji-kun's... thing... inside... *gulp*...
Ibuki: W-Well, I'll... uhh... also do... "it".
Sakashita: Looks like we're decided.
Ibuki: Yuuji-kun's younger and all... I suppose we need to take the lead here?
Sakashita: True... Shall we have him take the bottom, then?
Ibuki: Oh, just a minute.
Narration: *Ibuki-san stops Sakashita-san, takes the comforter from the bed, and lays it on the floor.*
Ibuki: Lying down on the floor will really hurt... here.
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *I nod and lay myself down on the futon as they tell me.*
Sakashita: Next... take off our uniforms...
Ibuki: Sakashita... Are you taking it all off...?
Sakashita: Of course not. That would be a little too embarrassing...
Ibuki: True...
Narration: *The two whisper amongst themselves and begin to strip.*
Narration: *Restless, they unbutton their blouses, exposing the fronts before carefully taking off their lingerie.*
Narration: *But then suddenly, the two stop there and approach me, as I lie face up on the futon.*
Narration: *Sakashita-san and Ibuki-san stand face-to-face, and proceed to crouch down on top of me.*
Sakashita: W-Wow... So guys'... things are this... hot and hard when they get erect...
Ibuki: And... it's all wet and sticky...
Sakashita: I'm sure that's because of the semen he just shot out earlier...
Ibuki: Semen...
Sakashita: .........
Ibuki: .........
Narration: *A sudden silence falls upon us, and the unease and anxiety return.*
Ibuki: S-So... who's going to put it in first?
Sakashita: I guess we should go in order of seniority...?
Ibuki: I've never done this before, I wouldn't know...
Sakashita: I-I suppose so.
Sakashita: Very well, I shall go first.
Narration: *Nervousness written all over her face, Sakashita-san grabs my still-erect penis.*
Sakashita: Nghh... It feels a lot larger than it actually looks...
Sakashita: S-So I'm going to... put this in...
Narration: *Sakashita-san lifts her hips up, and places my tip right at her entrance.*
Sakashita: Nnhh... Next, I just need to lower my hips...
Sakashita: Kuhh, ugh... What is― This... Nghh...! It's so much hotter... than when I felt it...
Yuuji: Ohhh, aghhh...
Ibuki: Ahh... Y-You're bleeding...
Sakashita: I'm a virgin, of course I would...
Ibuki: A-Are you all right?
Sakashita: I would be lying if I said it didn't hurt... Nghh, fhuhh... But it's not the time for that... I've got this all inside me...
Ibuki: W-What does it feel like...?
Sakashita: It's so much hotter, and harder than just fingers... Aghh, nghh... It feels like it's spreading my insides open...
Sakashita: Hahh... Ahhh, aghh... So sex is... this amazing...
Ibuki: Nghh... Captain Sakashita's body is turning red... Like she's on fire...
Sakashita: Hah... hahh... That's right... Ngh! Just as Yuuji-kun's thing went in ― or maybe because it went in ― my body feels so hot...
Yuuji: Ugh...
Sakashita: Ahh, sorry, Yuuji-kun... I'll start moving now...
Narration: *It also hurts a little for me so I'd rather we wait a bit more until the pain subsides, but Sakashita-san begins moving before I manage to say anything.*
Sakashita: Nghh... kuhh...! Ah, aghh... That spot hurts... every time... I move...
Ibuki: C-Captain Sakashita... Are you all right...?
Sakashita: Y-Yes... It hurts whenever Yuuji-kun's... goes all the way inside, but... Fuhhh... Hehe, I wonder why― Ngh! I feel so fulfilled... Aghh, aghhh...
Sakashita: Nghh, hahhh... This is... Sex... Nghh! The pleasure of an adult... that you can't get from― Aghh...! Just masturbating...!
Ibuki: *Gulp*... Captain Sakashita's expression... is so... dirty...
Sakashita: Haghh... mnn, ahhh... aghh... Maybe it's because I'm now a woman, fhuhh... After― Nghh... Having sex... Aghhh...!
Ibuki: That looks so nice...
Sakashita: Kuhh, unghh... Hahhh, agh, haghh... That spot really hurts, but... Nghh, aghh... I'm getting so wet...
Sakashita: Afhuhh, uwaghh... And it was almost suffocating before, but... fuhh, agh, ahhh... It's getting better now... Nghh... Are my insides getting used to the shape of Yuuji-kun...?
Sakashita: Nghh, ahhh... I think I can... move a bit faster now...
Sakashita: Ahhh, aghh... Haghh, ahngh... T-This is... Amazing... The pleasure is worlds apart... from just using your hands...!
Sakashita: Haghh, nghh... Aghh... This is my first time having sex, but... Nghh... I'm feeling this good... Am I... a dirty girl...?
Ibuki: Oh, Captain Sakashita's nipples are so stiff...
Sakashita: Eh... Ngh, ahh, aghh... You're right... hahh, haghh... I haven't touched them, but my nipples are stiff... Ngh, hahh... aghh...
Sakashita: Ahh, aghh... hah, anhh... I... It feels this good... For my first time having sex...!
Ibuki: Does sex feel... that good...?
Sakashita: Hagh, nghh... Y-Yes... Ah, aghh... It feels exquisite...
Sakashita: Nhh, ahhh, the feeling of having something grinding against you inside... Agh, nghh... Of being connected... Hahh, ngh... Of losing your virginity... Nghh, kuhh... All of it, wonderful...
Ibuki: I want... I want to have sex too...
Sakashita: Ahh, aghh... Haghh... No... Ngh! Aghh, I haven't... come yet...
Sakashita: Nghh, haghh, aghh! Ahh, fuhh, aghh... The way he's rubbing is so different now... Nghh! Haghh, did Yuuji-kun get even bigger...?
Sakashita: Hahh... Fuaghh, ahh, Nghh... I... This feels really good... Nghaahh, aghh... It's scraping... against my insides like crazy... This is amazing...!
Ibuki: Captain Sakashita, you're moving your hips so wildly...
Sakashita: Ah, haghh, nghaa, aghh... R-Really...? Nghh, aghhh! It wasn't on purpose...
Ibuki: Your breasts have been jiggling even more than before... You're definitely moving faster...
Sakashita: Ngh... hagh, ahhh... Agh, hanhh! T-Then... Ah, aghh... because sex with Yuuji-kun feels so good...
Ibuki: Captain Sakashita, hurry up so we can switch...
Sakashita: Ahh, haghh, nnghh... After I... come... Ahh, anhh...!
Sakashita: Fuaghh! Agh, hyughh... Nghh... W-What the―? Yuuji-kun's thing just jumped inside me...
Sakashita: Hahh... haghh... Ngh! Ahh, Yuuji-kun, you want me... to do that again...? It felt so good so you want me to do it again...?
Ibuki: S-She's bucking her hips like crazy again... Whoa...
Sakashita: Agh! Hagh, ahhh...! Haghh... ah, aghh... Ahnn! It's quivering again inside...!
Sakashita: Hagh, ngh... agh, ahh... So when I shake my hips wildly, your thing jumps... Then... Ngh! Nhh! Nghh!
Ibuki: Whoa... Every time their genitals slap against each other, they make a squelchy sound... It's so dirty.
Sakashita: Hyaghh! Agh, hahhh... anghhh! Ahh, aghh! There...! It's quivering inside... ahh, aaghhhhh!
Sakashita: Hahhh, nghh... I need to... make Yuuji-kun keep doing it... Aghh, ahhh... More... More...!
Yuuji: Ughhh...!
Sakashita: Ahh! Aghh! Ah! Hyah! Wow...! It's rubbing against me in a different way... hyahhh! So much rougher than before...!
Sakashita: Nghh, kuhh, fhuhhh, aghhh! Ahh! Aghh! No...! Ngh, more... scrape against me more... agh, ahhh... It's coming...!
Ibuki: Aghh, please hurry up and come!
Sakashita: Fwaaaghhhh...! I-Ibuki-san, when you press against Yuuji-kun's thing like that, it changes where... Hyaa! Aghh! No, I can't! I'm coming!
Ibuki: Go on. Just come already!
Sakashita: Ahhh! Agh! Hagh, nngghh...! Coming! Come! Come! Coming...! Ahhh! I'm commiiiiiiiiiiiingggg!!!!
Yuuji: Ugghhhh...!!
Sakashita: Hyagh― Aaaghhhhhhhh!!!!!! Wh-What the...? My insides... are on fir― Aghh, aghhhhhhhh...!!!
Ibuki: Ahhh, Yuuji-kun just came too. So much white stuff's coming out.
Sakashita: Haghh, ahh... Aghh... Amazing... So much... Nghh!! Agh, aghhh... there's still so much coming out...!
Sakashita: Aghh, ahhh... Haghh... Nghh! Fwahhh... ahh... Having it inside feels wonderful, but feeling him come in you is even better... Ahh, sex is amazing...
Ibuki: Captain Sakashita, you came, right? It's my turn now! Quit basking in the afterglow and switch with me.
Sakashita: Hahh... Hagh, hahh... Yes... Ngh, hahhh... He's just finished shooting it out... Just a moment...
Narration: *Sakashita-san lifts her hips up and the semen inside her slowly oozes out.*
Narration: *Ibuki-san doesn't even pay attention, instead grabbing ahold of my penis that had just slipped out.*
Narration: *And brings its tip to her own entrance as she spreads it open, and immediately lowers her hips down.*
Ibuki: Agh! Aghh... Y-Yuuji-kun's... is going inside me... Agh, oww...
Sakashita: Hehe, looks like you've graduated from virginity too.
Ibuki: Y-Yes... Aghh... Nghh, ahhh... aghhh...
Sakashita: You just had your hymen torn, but you're still going... Ibuki-san, you're surprisingly pretty dirty...
Ibuki: Hahh... ngh... Aghh... I-I can't help it... When Yuuji-kun went inside me, chills just went down my back. It's just... Wow...
Ibuki: Ahh, phew... Yuuji-kun's... all the way in...
Sakashita: How is it? Your insides feel so warm... it's great, isn't it?
Ibuki: Y-Yes... Nghh...! It's like my insides could just melt from the heat...
Sakashita: Ngh, oh no... Just talking with you has gotten me all hot down there again...
Ibuki: Hahh, haghh... Oh no, it's my turn now, all right?
Sakashita: ...I know...
Ibuki: All right, Yuuji-kun... Ngh... Time to feel good with me now...
Ibuki: Ngh, nnhh... Ah, mm, nghh...!
Sakashita: I see... So you can move your hips back and forth, not up and down.
Ibuki: Agh, hahhh... Ngh... I― Ahh... am more of a clit person than a vagina person so I thought... Nghh...! This lets my clitoris get better stimulation...
Ibuki: Kuhh... Nghh... It's like forcing my entrance to spread wide, so... Ngh, kuhh... It hurts a bit, but... Ah, aghh...!
Sakashita: Looks like your clitoris... is really feeling it.
Ibuki: Haghh... Ngh, ahh, ahhh... it feels great, but... Aghh, hahhh... I've been holding back so... Nghh! It's not enough...
Ibuki: Aghh... fhuhh, nghh... More... I need to rub it harder... Aghhh, nghh... I'll press against it...
Ibuki: Fuaghh! Aghh, hahhh...! Pressing my clit against Yuuji-kun while I grind it against him... Hyah, aghh...! It feels mindblowing...!
Ibuki: Ahhh, agh! When I rub my clit... Nghaah, ahhh... My insides tighten up... Hyughh! And I can really feel his dick inside me... S-Sex is... amazing...!
Sakashita: I understand absolutely. Like your entire body is enveloped by pleasure.
Ibuki: Hahh, haghhh... Nghaa! Y-Yes... ahh, aghh! And my nipples are already... rock hard... like yours were earlier... ahhh! Aghh!
Sakashita: Oh my, Ibuki-san, your nipples are so small and cute.
Ibuki: Hyah! Aghh! R-Really...? Ahh, nghhh! I've never compared them with other people so I don't know... Ahhh, aghh!
Ibuki: Nghh! Fuahh...! Aghh, hahhh! Ngh...! My insides are churning... Nghah! Ahhh... It's feeling... even better...!
Yuuji: Ungh...
Ibuki: Agh... Yuuji-kun, Don't move... Aghhh! I can't rub my clit against... Nhhh! Fuahhh, aghhh!
Ibuki: Hahhh... haghh, mmnnn! Rubbing my clit really feels amazing...! Aghh...
Sakashita: Ibuki-san... you're making a very dirty face...
Ibuki: Ahhh! Agh, hah, ngh...! I-I can't help it... Hyah! Ahhh! Grinding my clit against Yuuji-kun just feels so good...
Ibuki: Fuahh, aghh... Hahhh, nghahh, ahhhh! A-And you know, Captain Sakashita, you looked super lewd when you were doing it with Yuuji-kun too...
Sakashita: Nghh... N-No... I just remembered what it felt like doing it with him...
Sakuma: Oh, Buki's having sex.
Sakurai: Whoaa... Ibuki-san looks like she's having the time of her life...
Kaneda: This is sex, huh... Wonder what it feels like...?
Sakuma: All right. When Buki finishes, why don't we take her place?
Sakurai: Ooh! I'm all for it!
Ibuki: Hyah! Aghh! Ahhh, hahhh, ahhn! No... way...! I want to feel better with Yuuji-kun...
Kaneda: Ibuki, you're sopping wet... Even the futon's getting stained.
Ibuki: Ahh, agh... hahh, ngh! Oh, you're right... S-Sorry, Yuuji-kun... Ahh! Agh! But this is just so good that I can't stop... Hyah! Aahhh!
Ibuki: Ahh! Haghh, aghh! Yuuji-kun's thing is getting harder...! And it's jumping around inside...!
Ibuki: Hahhh, hagh... Nghh, aghh! Maybe... Yuuji-kun's about to shoot? Aghh, ahhh... J-Just hold on... Let me feel even better...
Yuuji: Ughhh...!
Ibuki: Ahh! Hagh, anhh! Ahhh! Agh! Oh god! I'm tightening up so much, but Yuuji-kun is still stirring my insides up!
Ibuki: Hagh, nghh! Aghh! Hyah! It's too good... Nghaa! Ahhh! I'm going to come...! I want to feel even better but I'm going to come!
Ibuki: Nghh... Agh! Ahhh! Ahhhh! Hahhh! Aghh! I'm gonna― come...! Aghh! Both my insides and my clit...!  Ahghh! I'm...!
Ibuki: Aghh, ngh, hahhh! Ahhh, ahh! Aghh! Everyone's watching me while I―! Ahh, Aghh! While... I'm coming! Ahhh!
Ibuki: Nghh! Aghh! Ahhh! Hah― Aghhhhh! I-I'm commiiiiiinnggggg!!!!!
Yuuji: Ughhhh!!!!
Ibuki: Ahh, aghhh... so hot inside me... Aghh! Oh no, again, I'm gonna― Aahhhhhhh!!!!
Sakuma: Coming from having someone come inside you? You're pretty horny, Buki...
Ibuki: Aghhh, hahh... N-No, it's... Because it all felt so good... Ngh, haahhh... Not because I'm horny...
Ibuki: Nghh, mmnn...! Besides... Ah, aghh... Sakashita-senpai... also came from getting ejaculated into... Haghh, nghh...
Sakuma: Uh huh...
Sakashita: W-What...?
Sakuma: Hehe, nothing.
Ibuki: Nghh... Haghh, ughh... Ah― Ahh... It's still coming out...
Kaneda: Whoa... There's just so much it's already flowing out...
Sakurai: Even though he shot out so much after we licked his dick... He can still ejaculate this much...
Sakashita: And it's already his third, but he's still so big... Like he can keep going...
Sakurai: Geez, I wanna have sex with Yuuji-kun too.
Kaneda: Ibuki, come on, switch out...
Ibuki: Ngh... Haghh, ahh... S-Sorry... I just came so hard, I... My hips kind of gave out...
Sakuma: I swear, Buki...
Narration: *Sakuma-san carries Ibuki-san, leaking semen all the while, and lays her down to the side.*
Narration: *And in doing so, Sakurai-san and Kaneda-san lock on me, eyes ablaze.*
Sakuma: Well now... Since I'm the one who moved Buki off, I get first dibs on Yuuji-kun.
Kaneda: Ah, then I'm after Sakuma-senpai!
Sakurai: Ughh... I was too slow...
Narration: *Their eyes glazed with lust, the girls cheerfully discuss my fate. It's utterly terrifying, to be honest.*
Narration: *The three of them... Sakuma-san, Kaneda-san, and Sakurai-san... proceed to take turns violating me.*
Narration: *After that, having watched the other three reach climax, Sakashita-san and Ibuki-san get aroused and violate me again.*
Narration: *But even that wasn't the end; Sakuma-san, Kaneda-san, and Sakurai-san come back for more. The girls use me as their sex toy again and again... until I can no longer ejaculate.*
Kazuki: See? Now do you understand what I meant, Yuuji?
Narration: *The girls from the basketball club headed home a little while ago. And in our newly silently room... Kazuki speaks to me in an even sterner voice than usual.*
Kazuki: That's what women are really like, deep down. Terrifying, don't you think?
Yuuji: .........
Kazuki: I'll make sure to choose a proper woman for you eventually... so until then, make sure you don't get any closer to girls than you have to.
Narration: *In my vague state of consciousness, Kazuki's voice rings out.*
Kazuki: Never get close with any woman... unless you want that to happen to you again.
Yuuji: ...
Narration: *My body trembles as I remember the way they violated me over and over again.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, Nee-chan...
Kazuki: That's a good boy, Yuuji...
Narration: *She hugs me tightly as she speaks those words.*
Narration: *But something about her gaze... sends a tingle of terror down my spine.*

Narration: *Ever since my sister began going to Takizono Academy, she continued her facade of a bright and gentle personality with utmost excellence.*
Narration: *In doing so, she managed to get a lot of new friends; she managed to place some of them under her thumb, and sometimes treats them like pawns.*
Narration: *Okay, well, "pawns" may be a bit too much.*
Narration: *Because they don't realize they're being manipulated by her.*
Narration: *She merely guides those people to act in certain ways.*
Narration: *For the most part, they don't actually notice that they're doing just as she intends.*
Narration: *Even my parents don't realize that everything they do is according to her plans.*
Narration: *Such is my sister. She terrifies me.*
Narration: *Ever since those girls from her club used me as their "plaything", I've held that belief very close to me.*
Narration: *And since then, I've been going out more frequently in order to create some distance between us.*
Narration: *But well, I have no money or friends, so the only place I can go to is the park.*
Yuuji: Ah―
Narration: *The park was usually pretty barren, but today, someone else is here ahead of me.*
Narration: *She sits on the swing, her uniform the same as Kazuki's.*
Narration: *She's on my usual swing I use to kill time... What now...?*
Narration: *There's other stuff I could do alone, but going up and down the slide is kind of a pain, and Kazuki warned me not to get close to the jungle gym because it's dangerous... I guess there's nothing to do but sit on the bench.*
Narration: *Honestly, the swing's the most fun and perfect for passing the time, but there's nothing I can do.*
Narration: *The moment I look at the swing, I stare at it, still stubborn, but the girl from the same school as Kazuki's looks at me.*
Koide: Ahh!
Narration: *The girl, her light-colored hair tied off into two, locks eyes with me and shouts out of nowhere.*
Narration: *Did she misunderstand, thinking I was staring? Oh no... Maybe I should apologize...?*
Narration: *As I'm caught up in my thoughts, the girl dashes over to me.*
Yuuji: Uh, um...
Koide: Hey, aren't you Kazami-san's... younger brother?
Yuuji: Huh...? Umm...?
Koide: Ahhh, sorry. Uhh, I'm in the same club as Kazami-san. The name's Koide...
Hirooka: Hahh, hahhh... Why'd you start running all of a sudden, Koide-senpai...?
Komori: Oh, aren't you... Yuuji-kun?
Yuuji: Uhh... How do you two know...?
Komori: Kazami-san showed us photos of you once.
Narration: *Since when did she even take those...?*
Narration: *Also, showing people photos of me, let alone carrying them around, is really embarrassing so I'd rather she'd not...*
Koide: Say, what we said earlier... How 'bout we ask Yuuji-kun?
Komori: Him...? I mean, if... Koide-senpai and Hirooka-san are okay with it...
Hirooka: W-What? I can't just answer right off the bat, Komori-san...
Hirooka: Besides, we can't just drag Yuuji-kun into this without asking him.
Komori: Ah... Y-You're right...
Koide: Anyway, why don't we at least ask?
Koide: Yuuji-kun... Are you free right now?
Yuuji: ...Yes...
Narration: *My intuition tells me that this will only lead to trouble, but I didn't have the courage to refuse.*
Narration: *The gist of it is that during a club meeting, they weren't able to express their opinions properly and got scolded for it.*
Narration: *It seem the captain was in a bad mood, and started hurling insults at them until they were backed into a corner... until Kazuki stepped in to help.*
Narration: *She managed to talk the captain down. The three girls were all impressed, and more than a little envious.*
Narration: *On their way home, they'd stopped by this park and got to talking about how to become a "level-headed" woman like Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *No matter how hard they thought, they couldn't come to a conclusion, so they decided to ask Kazuki directly. But they feared they might bother her, or that she'd get upset with them.*
Narration: *And right at that moment, I showed up. They're hoping I can put in a good word for them.*
Narration: *I can understand how they feel about wanting to be more like Kazuki, but... honestly, I'm reluctant to get involved.*
Narration: *Kazuki's constantly pretending to be a bright, friendly person at her school. And if I asked her, she probably would help.*
Narration: *...But I was worried she might end up expecting something in exchange.*
Koide: Please, Yuuji-kun! You're our only hope!
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *A good-for-nothing brother...*
Narration: *Just the dregs of his older sister...*
Narration: *I was always called those names. But now those girls needed me.*
Narration: *That made me so happy, I could cry tears of joy. Feelings of wanting to help them out just burst forth from within me.*
Yuuji: All right.
Komori: T-Thank you, Yuuji-kun!
Yuuji: I-It's nothing...
Narration: *I hang my head, shy from having been thanked.*
Kazuki: You sure are late, Yuuji. Where did you―
Narration: *Kazuki's eyes widen as she sees Koide-san, Komori-san, and Hirooka-san enter after I do.*
Koide: E-Excuse us...
Kazuki: Seeing as you've gone all the way here... I assume you have business with me, not Yuuji?
Narration: *For a moment, Kazuki looks at me, as if scowling.*
Narration: *My body freezes up in fear... but I relay to her the three girls' request.*
Kazuki: I understand.
Narration: *Her tone of voice hadn't changed... but there was a tinge of annoyance in how she spoke.*
Kazuki: For starters, I don't think being like me is a possibility...
Koide: Please! We want to change ourselves!
Kazuki: I understand what you're saying, but people don't just change in the blink of an eye...
Koide: We get that, but...
Kazuki: Hahh... I don't know the three of you very well so I can't give very specific advice... but are you fine with that?
Koide: O-Of course! Right?
Hirooka: Absolutely. Thank you so much, Kazami-san.
Kazuki: I just said I couldn't give you very good advice ― why the gratitude?
Komori: It's advice from you, Kazami-san. I'm sure it will be helpful.
Kazuki: ...I hope so.
Koide: So... what should we do?
Kazuki: When you find yourself intimidated by someone, it's usually because you think yourself somehow inferior to them. In other words, you can gain self-confidence by finding some aspect in which you are their superior.
Kazuki: Of course, that's a bit of a simplification, so don't take any of this too literally... but in general, I think it should help.
Komori: I... I see...
Kazuki: The more points of comparison where you excel, the better... Take Captain Sakashita, for example.
Kazuki: Everyone, is there anything you think you can beat her at?
Hirooka: Eh...? Well...
Komori: Nothing...?
Koide: I mean, she's the daughter of a rich family so I doubt we can beat her there...
Hirooka: And she's always at the top of the class, so we can't really beat her in academics either...
Komori: And she's so good at sports that we could practically leave it all to her...
Kazuki: Haahh...
Narration: *Kazuki sighs, as if from the very depths of her existence.*
Kazuki: Well, how about with men?
Koide: Eh...? Well, I don't think she's got a partner...
Hirooka: But I mean, doesn't it look like she's got a boyfriend? She seems pretty popular.
Kazuki: No, I doubt it. Just the other day, Sakuma-senpai told her "if you keep blowing your top, you won't find a boyfriend", to which she furiously replied "mind your own business!"
Komori: B-But... we don't have boyfriends either. We're in an all-girls' school too... it's not like we can meet any guys.
Kazuki: You don't exactly have to find a boyfriend, you know?
Koide: Huh...? What do you mean?
Kazuki: For example, like a one night stand? In other words, just having experience with sexual relations is enough.
Koide: Eeehhhhh!?
Kazuki: But that's the truth. A boyfriend can be found sooner or later, so your one-uppance will be short-lived.
Kazuki: And in addition, won't having physical relations with a man who isn't even your boyfriend boost your confidence?
Hirooka: T-That is true...
Narration: *This entire premise is absurd from start to finish, but for some reason, the girls are just nodding along.*
Narration: *It seems like they trust in her that much.*
Komori: B-But... well... we can't just ask a guy for that...
Hirooka: I mean... we might end up caught up in some crazy problem...
Koide: Ah...
Narration: *Having realized something, Koide-san exclaims... and looks right at me.*
Koide: We can just ask Yuuji-kun!
Yuuji: Huh...?
Komori: Oh, that's right! Yuuji-kun is really nice, so I wouldn't be worried about him.
Hirooka: You're right... We wouldn't have any issues if it was Yuuji-kun.
Yuuji: Ehh? Huh? 
Kazuki: ―! Wait! I can't really agree with that. Wouldn't it be better to ask someone with a lot of experience?
Koide: Please, Yuuji-kun!
Kazuki: Don't just ignore me, Ricchan.
Komori: Won't you help us?
Hirooka: You're the only one we can ask!
Yuuji: Ahh...
Narration: *I can't believe they'd ask for help like this again.*
Narration: *And this time, it's not to ask Kazuki for help, but something only I can do.*
Narration: *I'm overjoyed. I couldn't be happier. I nod without hesitation.*
Yuuji: If you're okay with me, sure.
Koide: Sweet!
Kazuki: Hey, Yuuji!?
Yuuji: I mean, they're asking for help. I can't just say no.
Kazuki: Ugh... What a failure... I should have dealt with them properly instead of being so wishy-washy...
Koide: So uhh... what do we do first?
Komori: I mean, all three of us at the same time's just not possible, is it?
Hirooka: I guess we should go in order of seniority, so Koide-senpai goes first?
Koide: Ueghh!? M-Me!?
Koide: Ahhh, ughh... This is the first time I'm doing this so I'd rather watch on the sidelines first... I guess.
Komori: This is the first time for me too...
Hirooka: Same here.
Koide: Ughh... F-Fine... I'm the elder here, I suppose I should go first...
Narration: *The three having come to an agreement, Koide-san steps forward.*
Koide: So, what should I do first...?
Kazuki: .........
Koide: Uh, err...?
Narration: *It looks like Kazuki's not with us right now as she isn't replying. Koide-san looks to me instead.*
Yuuji: Umm... well, please lie down on the bed in any position you like.
Koide: O-Okay...
Narration: *Koide-san replies and nods, then just stands there, puzzlement all over her face.*
Narration: *Eventually, Koide-san seems to have reached a resolution. She says "let's do this" to herself, and begins to take her clothes off.*
Komori: K-Koide-senpai... so bold...
Koide: N-No! That's not it! I just didn't want to get my uniform all wrinkled, not for any dirty reasons...!
Koide: And I'm just... up to here already, so quit it with the side comments...
Komori: Ahh, s-sorry...
Narration: *Koide-san exposes her front while blushing the entire time, and gets on the bed.*
Narration: *She crouches on all fours, pointing her butt this way.*
Hirooka: K-Koide-senpai... so bold...
Koide: How does this make a girl bold!? This is just... if we do it normally, I'd lose it if our eyes met, so I thought doing it from the back would be better...
Hirooka: Ahh... I see.
Koide: A-Anyway! This is really embarrassing, so... hurry up and do it already...
Yuuji: Ah, all right...
Narration: *I get atop the bed like her, and start wondering as to what I'm actually supposed to do.*
Narration: *She did say it's her first time... so I guess I need to get her wet before I put it in...*
Narration: *That in mind, I pull down Koide-san's underwear.*
Koide: ~~~~!? Y-Yuuji-kun, what are you!?
Yuuji: Huh? Well... we can't do it if I don't take it off...
Koide: Ahh... Y-You're right... Yeah...
Narration: *Koide-san's is a little different from Kazuki's.*
Narration: *Hers is a little lower than Kazuki's, but her lips look a bit bigger.*
Koide: U-Ugh... this is so much more embarrassing than I thought...
Narration: *My hand stops in mid-air upon seeing her tremble in shame, but she did say to hurry up, so for starters, I begin to touch it.*
Koide: Kyah!?
Yuuji: Ah... S-Sorry...
Koide: Uhh, ah, no... it wasn't bad... I was just surprised. S-Sorry too...
Yuuji: I-It's nothing...
Koide: Ughhh... this position doesn't let me see what's gonna happen... I'm already anxious as heck and this is just making me more nervous. My heart's about to explode...
Yuuji: Umm... so, I'm going to touch you now...
Koide: Ahh, yeah... please do...
Narration: *I confirm with her to reassure her, and bring my fingers closer.*
Narration: *First, I gently stroke the perimeter of her slit, which is tightly closed.*
Koide: Nghh... fuhh... Ahhh, ahh... Nghh...
Yuuji: Uhh... are you okay?
Koide: Y-Yeah... hahhh... This is the first time someone's ever touched me... Nghh! It feels... kind of weird... ahh, fuhh... It tickles, but... I'm okay... Thanks...
Narration: *I make my circles smaller and smaller, until I reach the slit.*
Koide: Ngh... ahh, fuhh... nghh... Hahhh, hahhh...
Narration: *Her body shivers, but she doesn't raise her voice in surprise, which is reassuring. I gently rub my fingers over her tightly closed slit.*
Koide: Hahh, aghh... Haghh... Nghh...! Kuhh, fhuhh... ahh, ugghh, nghh...!
Yuuji: Oh, your slit opened up...
Koide: ―!? D-D-D-Don't tell me, Yuuji-kun... Y-Y-Y-You're... looking... at me... down there!?
Yuuji: Ah, yes. If I don't, then I won't know where to touch you.
Koide: ~~~~~~~!? Ah, ahh, ahhh... He's looking... at me...
Narration: *These bashful reactions I could never see with Kazuki ― even though she's older, I thought of how cute she is.*
Narration: *But I doubt she'd be happy about having this embarrassing stuff done to her... I'd better make her feel good as was originally planned.*
Narration: *I rub the inner side of her slit, bringing my fingertip closer to her entrance.*
Koide: Agh, ahh... Fuh, ungh... hahhh aghh... Eep, nghh!! Y-Yuuji-kun's... finger is... ahh, into my...
Koide: Hahhh, hahh, nghh... Mmn, aghh... ahh, he's rubbing so... Ughhh, hahh, nhh... my entrance is...
Narration: *It looks like she's feeling pleasure, as some liquid begins to leak out of her vagina.*
Narration: *I move my finger around in the clear fluid, making sure to coat it well, and move around to moisten other areas.*
Koide: Hagh, hahh... haahh... Nghh, huh...? Ngh, fuhh... You're not putting your finger in...?
Yuuji: No.
Koide: Ngh... I-I see... Hyahh! Ahhh! Fuahhh! Agh! Ahhhh!
Narration: *The moment I rub my wet finger against her clitoris that had shown itself, Koide-san's voice immediately becomes shrill.*
Koide: Hyughh! Nghh, haghh... ahhh! Aghh, hahhh... Wh-What the...? Hyaghh!
Yuuji: Oh...? You've never touched your clitoris before...?
Narration: *When Kazuki taught me about this stuff, she also let me touch her clitoris, so I thought everyone was familiar.*
Koide: Agh, kuhh... ngh! D-Did you just touch my clitoris...? Hiighh, unhhh... hagh, haahh... ahhh! N-No way... when I touched it... it really hurt...
Koide: Fuahh, aghhh...! Agh, ahh... this.. Hyughh... feels so much better than... rubbing myself inside...
Narration: *Oh, has Koide-san always been stimulating herself inside?*
Koide: Hah, aghh...! Ah, nghh, fuahh, ahh, agh... your finger's... inside... Ngh, hagh... Ahh, aghhh...
Yuuji: Koide-san, you're really hot inside...
Koide: Hyaghh! Aghh, hahhh... ahh, anhh! You're rubbing me inside... hyahhh! While stroking my clit... I can't... aahhhhh!
Hirooka: W-Whoa... Koide-senpai's got a really dirty expression...
Koide: ―!? Nghh! Hagh, aghhh...! D-Don't look...! Hyahh! Aghh, naghh... anhhh, aaghhh...!
Komori: A-As much as I'd like to... I just can't take my eyes off this...
Koide: ~~! Aghh, mmm, hahhh... Aghh, ahh... Yuuji-ku― Hyaahh! Haah, aghh, ahhh, nghh...! I-If you stroke my clit that much, I... Hyughh!
Koide: Haghh, hahhh... Aghhh! Ahh, aghh... I never knew my clit... could feel this good... Fuaghhh! Oh god, I'm feeling it... unghhh!
Hirooka: Her thighs are soaked in her juices... D-Does it feel that good...?
Koide: Kuhh, nghh...! D-Don't ask me that... Nghhhh! Ahh, fuahh, aghhh...!
Komori: T-That's right, Hirooka-san... Just looking at her, the answer's already obvious...
Koide: ―! Nghh... Haghh, hahhh, don't loo― Hyaghh! Aahhh, agh! No, if you keep stroking me that wa― Aghhh! Fuagghhh! Ahh, haanhhh...!
Yuuji: Oh, you like this spot, Koide-san?
Koide: Hyughhh! Nghh, aghh... ahhh... Haghh! Don't, not the― Ahh! Agh! Hahh! Don't stroke me the― Agghh, ahhh! Hagh, ahhnn!
Narration: *Kazuki prefers to be rubbed a bit further in front... interesting. I guess this also varies from person to person.*
Hirooka: Nghh... Koide-senpai's... quivering down there...
Koide: ―!? Hiighh, ugh... Haghh, ahhh... I-I said don't... Aghhh... look... Hyaghh, ahhh! Haaghh!
Yuuji: Koide-san, I'll go a little rougher, okay?
Koide: Ehh!? Wait a min― Hyaghhh! Haghh, ahhh! Fuaghh, ahhh! Ahhh, haanhh!
Komori: Whoa... Koide-senpai's... v-vagina... is squeezing super hard on Yuuji-kun's finger...
Hirooka: So that's what happens when you really feel good... I never knew...
Koide: Ahh! Agh! Y-Yuuji... kun...! Nghh! Aghhh, w-wait... Hyahh! Ahhh...! I-I'm going to... c-cu― Nnghh!
Yuuji: Understood.
Koide: Hyaahhh...! Agh, ahhh...! If you keep stroking my clit like that... Hyughh! Nghh, hagh, hahhh, aghhh!
Koide: Aghh! Ahh! Ahhh! No, you're stimulating my insides too... Aghh! Right where I want it, ahhhh!
Koide: Hagh, ahh, ahhhh! N-No...! Hyahh, aghh! I-I'm going to come... in front of my juniors...!
Koide: Ahhh! Aghh! Stop...! Ahhh! Hiighh, aghh! I can't... hold back! Ahhh! I can't hold it back...!
Koide: Fuahh! Hagh, nghh! Agh! Ahh! I'm commi―! Ahhh! Com...! Aaghhh! Commiiiiiiiinggggg!!!!
Narration: *For a brief moment, Koide-san thrusts her body up, and her hips begin to convulse.*
Narration: *Some fluids squirt out, and a slightly muddier, whitish liquid oozes out of her.*
Koide: Ahhh... aghh... hahh...! Ahh... hahh... Nghh, hagh... ahh... Hahhh...
Komori: T-This... is the first time I've seen someone climax...
Hirooka: Koide-senpai... She looked like she was having even more pleasure than earlier...
Narration: *Thank goodness, it looks like I managed to pleasure her just fine.*
Komori: Ahh... B-But... that's not all, right? I mean... a physical relationship... needs you to get physical.
Narration: *Ahh, right. I need to actually put it in so we can engage in sexual activities.*
Koide: Hahh, haghh... Y-Yuuji-kun...
Yuuji: ...Y-Yes?
Koide: Nghh... hahh... My body's just given out so... I can't tense up at all... If you could take this chance to... put it in... that'd be great...
Yuuji: Understood.
Narration: *I carefully balance Koide-san's posture and pull my pants down.*
Koide: S-So that's... Yuuji-kun's... dick...
Komori: *Gulp*...! That's going... inside Koide-senpai...
Narration: *They're staring at me so intensely that I start to feel a little bashful, so I decide to put it in her right away.*
Yuuji: Umm... so... Koide-san... I'm gonna put it in, okay?
Koide: Y-Yeah... Please do...
Narration: *I open her up, aligning my penis by the entrance... and thrust my hips forward.*
Koide: Ngh! Hagh, ahh, aahhhhh...! I-It's so hard... and thick... going in... Guhh!
Narration: *I hesitate at the slight bit of resistance, but I push forward, causing Koide-san to cringe slightly in pain.*
Yuuji: Uh, umm... are you okay...?
Koide: Ahh... Y-Yeah... It does hurt a bit... Ngh! But you just let me climax earlier, so... I'm fine...
Koide: Uhh... are you all right? It doesn't... hurt or anything...?
Yuuji: Ah, I'm fine.
Yuuji: It's really hot inside you, and very moist, so it feels very good.
Koide: Augh...
Narration: *Koide-san exclaims in embarrassment, her insides getting slightly warmer.*
Narration: *Once I go all the way in, her butt lines up with me, lending a different yet comfortable warmth.*
Koide: Fuhh, ungh... Nhh, hahh... W-Wow... Hahhh... it's so much deeper than... Nghh... when you just used your finger...
Komori: Yuuji-kun's was so big, but it's all the way inside Koide-senpai...
Koide: Uaghh... ahhh... hahhh, unghh... Y-Yuuji-kun's... is scraping me all the way from my entrance to― Nghh... deep inside...!
Koide: Hiighh, ughh... Ngh, haghh... ahh, ahhh... I'm... really having sex... With someone... ahh, ahhh... Who isn't even my boyfriend... Nghh, mmm...
Koide: Hahhh, aghh... Nghh... ahhh... I've given my virginity to... Yuuji-kun... Fuhh, agh, ahhh...
Hirooka: Oh, Koide-senpai's face is really lewd again...
Koide: ―! Nhh, fuahhh... ahhh... That's not it... Nghhh! I just came, so I... I'm still feeling the pleasure... hahhh! That's... all... Nghh!
Koide: Ahh, hagh... mmm... So I'm... not a dirty girl... just... Hyaghh! Ahh... Yuuji-kun's... really good at this...!
Koide: Hiiahghh! Ahh, agh... Hahh, nghh... W-What was that...?
Narration: *When I pulled back close enough to almost pull out, Koide-san felt quite a jolt of pleasure.*
Narration: *Could this be... where I was touching her before...?*
Koide: Fwahh! Ahh, haghh, ahhh! T-There... hyaghh... Was that were you were touching me...?
Yuuji: I think so.
Koide: Agh, ahhh! Hyahh... aghh! N-No way... Nghh! Hahh... It feels so much better than... with your fingers...!
Yuuji: That's great. Then I'll make sure to stimulate you here.
Koide: Hyah! Aghh, hahh, ngahh, ahhh! Why...? Ahh, aghh... Why does it feel so much better than with a finger...? Fwahh, agh, aahhhh...!
Komori: Whoa... I can actually see Yuuji-kun's thing going in and out of Koide-senpai...
Koide: ―!? Hghh, nghh... D-Don't look, you jerks! Fwah, agh! Hahh, anhhh!
Hirooka: Oh...? When Yuuji-kun just barely pulls out, Koide-senpai tightens up...?
Komori: Huh...? Oh, you're right. As if she's gesturing that she doesn't want him to pull out.
Koide: ~~!? Ahh, hahh, nhaah... Agh, ahh... No... It's so embarrassing to be exposed like this... Ahhh! But it feels so good...!
Komori: *Gulp*... Koide-senpai's thighs... they're so much wetter than when he was using just his finger...
Hirooka: Koide-senpai's twitching down there... Oh! Her juices are dripping out...
Koide: ―! Nghh, hahh, fuhh... aghhh... Y-Yuuji-kun... Nghh, ahh, aghhh... Please, go deep inside... Nghh...! So they can't see...
Narration: *I do as she says, going deep inside, and thrust my hips faster to give them less of a window to see.*
Koide: Fwahh! Aghh, hahh, ughh... nghh! Agh, ahhh! Y-Yuuji-kun's... hah, aghnn... pounding me so hard...!
Yuuji: Ugh... ahh, your folds are tightening up on me... it feels great...
Koide: ―! Hagh, ahh... don't say that, it's too embarrassing... Hyughh! Ngh, hahh! Agh, ahhh... Y-You're too rough...!
Yuuji: Ugh... Now you're tightening up...!
Koide: ~~! I-I just said don't... Fwahh! Agh! Ahh! S-Say it...! Hyughh! Aghhhh...!
Koide: Haghh, hahh... aahh! Ahh! Hahh, angh...! You're churning up my i-insides...!
Komori: Koide-senpai... are you about to come?
Koide: Ah, ahhh! Hyaghh! Agh, fwahh! O-Of course...! It just feels too good...!
Hirooka: Wow... getting to climax on your first time? That's great!
Koide: Ahh! Fwahh, ahhh, hahh, aghhh! Agh, ahh... No, I can't hold it...! P-Please, you two... Nghh... Don't look at me when I come...!
Komori: No can do... We can't take our eyes off you, Koide-senpai...
Hirooka: Koide-senpai... please don't mind us. Go ahead and come again...
Koide: Aghh, ahh! Hyah! Aaghh! I could just die from embarrassment right now... I'm going to come again in front of you!
Koide: Nghh, fhuhh, hagh, ahhh...! No! Wait! Aghh! Gonna come! Ahhh! I can't... Ahhh! Ahh! I'm commiiiiiiiingggggg!!!!!
Yuuji: Ughh...!
Narration: *Koide-san's outburst is so loud it could possibly have been heard from outside. The moment she exclaims, her vagina clenches down and begins quivering intermittently.*
Narration: *The feeling is so pleasurable that my hips quiver as well, as I hold my breath.*
Koide: Fwaghhhhh!!!! Ahhh! Hagh! Ahh, aghh...!! Your hot semen is... spraying inside me... hyughhh...!
Komori: W-Whoa... he came inside her...
Hirooka: G-Guys sure shoot out a lot, huh...? There's so much dripping out from inside Koide-senpai...
Koide: Ahh, aghh... so much... so hot... unh... nghh, ahhh... aghh... it's spraying inside me...
Komori: *Gulp*... Koide-senpai's expression... looks like she's never experienced as much pleasure as she has now.
Koide: Ah... ahh... Haghh... I... was seen again... while I was coming... ahh, ahhh...
Komori: It was breathtaking...
Hirooka: Yes... We're both girls, but... our hearts are pounding...
Koide: Ahh... hahh... ugh, ahhh... Ahh... Haghh... hahh... ahhh...
Narration: *As I finish ejaculating, Koide-san returns to her initial position after arching her back.*
Narration: *And then she falls flat against the bed, having passed out.*
Hirooka: T-This... I think I'm gonna be fine with this...
Komori: Besides... if we did something this crazy, I might actually have more confidence, like Kazami-san said...
Hirooka: Yeah...
Yuuji: Umm... who's next...?
Komori: Ahh... H-Hirooka-san, what now...?
Hirooka: Huh? Don't ask me...
Komori: After... seeing Koide-senpai, I'm kind of scared now, in a different way...
Hirooka: M-Me too...
Komori: .........
Hirooka: .........
Komori: M-Maybe... we should do it together...?
Hirooka: Y-Yeah. That works. Then maybe... it won't be as scary...
Komori: Well... how should we do it? I don't want to make it hard for Yuuji-kun...
Hirooka: Then... maybe one of us goes on top of the other? That way he won't have to move as much.
Narration: *After some discussion, Komori-san and Hirooka-san decide to strip down to their underwear to keep their uniforms from getting dirty.*
Narration: *Since Koide-san is passed out on the bed, they placed some cushions and towels on the floor and laid down on those.*
Narration: *Looking at the two, I see that both Komori-san and Hirooka-san are already wet.*
Narration: *The position is a little difficult, but I follow through with their request and try to please both of them at once.*
Narration: *As with Koide-san, I stimulate their slits, so as not to catch them off guard.*
Komori: Fuhh, agh, ahh... Y-Yuuji-kun's... Mm, nghh... touching me... down there...
Hirooka: Hahh... haghhh... Ah, augh... Komori-san's right in front of me... ughh... this is like... really embarrassing...
Komori: Ahh... nhh, fuhh... Our breaths are against each other... ahhh, and our voices are so close... my heart's pounding...
Hirooka: Ngh, ahh, ahh... This is so awkward... ahh, unghh... I'll end up looking at you...
Komori: Hahh... haghh... I will too... Fwahh!? Ahhh! Y-Yuuji-kun's finger is... rubbing me at the slit... Hyahh...
Hirooka: Hagh, mm... ngh, ahh... aghh... hyahhh... M-My slit's getting rubbed... Ahh, aghh...
Komori: Afuhh... Ngh, Yuuji-kun's grinding up against... nhh, hahh... my entrance... hyughh...
Hirooka: Fwahh... ah, agh... his finger's... Nghh! Going in...  
Komori: Ahh, aghh... Hahh, ngh... Y-Yuuji-kun's finger's... going innnn...
Hirooka: Hahh, hagh... ugh... So this is... what it feels like... Mmnn... to have a finger inside...
Komori: Aghh, ngh... Hirooka-san... Mnhh! You don't masturbate...?
Hirooka: Nghh, fuhh... hahh... N-No... Aghh! I-It's kind of scary... Aghh...
Hirooka: Fuhh, ahh... Aghh... I never knew... it feels this good to have a finger... rub your insides...
Komori: Agh... Mmhh, ahh... You're already feeling it from your first time...? Nghh... So dirty, Hirooka-san...
Hirooka: B-But I... Hyahh! Agh, hagh... nnhhh, aghhh...!!
Komori: Ahhh, Hirooka-san... Nghh, fwahh... looks like he found your sweet spot...
Hirooka: Fwahh! Ahh... haghh, unkhh...! Y-Yuuji-kun's rubbing me... hyughh! My voice is just leaking out...! Ahh! Aghh!
Komori: Hirooka-san... you're really enjoying this...
Komori: Ngh, hahh... Hey, Yuuji-kun... Can you also touch my clitoris...? Hagh, hahh... I always masturbate with my clit...
Yuuji: Ahh, all right...
Komori: Fwaghh! Aghh, hahh... Ngghhh Ah, aghh... T-That's it... The clit really feels the best...!
Hirooka: Does the clit... Nhh, fuhh... Hahhh... Really feel that good...?
Komori: Hagh, ahh, agghh... Mmm, nghh... It's great... Hyahh! Aghh, ahh! It's like a jolt... almost numbingly good... fwahh, aghh... Mindblowing...!
Hirooka: Nghh... Y-Yuuji-kun... me too... Touch my clitoris, please...
Hirooka: Ahh, b-but... I've never touched it before, so be gentle...
Yuuji: ...Okay...
Narration: *I pull out my finger, wet from from Hirooka-san's vaginal juices, and gently stroke her barely showing clitoris.*
Hirooka: Hyaaghhh!! Ah, aghhh... hahh, uwahhh... T-That really was... a jolt...
Komori: Ngahh, ahhh, this is your first time and you're already feeling good...? Hyughh, nnhhh... That's pretty crazy, Hirooka-san...
Hirooka: Afuhh, nhh... Hahh, haghh... R-Really...? Fwahh! Aghh! Ahh, aghh! Hyanh!
Komori: Nghh! Fwaghhh... Hahh, nghh... I can feel... something warm dripping on me... Ngh, hahhh...
Hirooka: Fwah, agh... Hahh! Nghh! W-Warm...? Hyahh, ahhh... I don't... aghh... feel anyhting...
Komori: Hagh, hahhh... haghh... T-That might be your.. ahh, aghh... love juices dripping on me...
Hirooka: Ahh, agh... hagh, unghh! Aghh, ahh... N-No way... It's my first time but... it already feels this good...? Hyugh! Ahh, agh!
Komori: Hyagh, ahh! Afuhh, nghh...! That must be it... Ahh, agh! Your face already looks really dirty like Koide-senpai's earlier.
Hirooka: Aghh, ahhhh...! Hyughhhnghh... A-Am I making that kind of face...? Nhh, hagh, hahhh... no... this is so embarrassing...!
Komori: Hyagh! Ahh! Aghh! Y-Yuuji-kun... there... the way you're touching... Aghh! Ahh, haghh, nnhh! It feels amazing...!
Hirooka: Hahh, haghh... Ahh, Komori-san, your face looks dirty too... fwaghh, ahhh...!
Komori: Fwaghhh! Aghhh, hahh, ahhhhh...! W-Well, he's rubbing down on my clit... and it feels crazy good...! Kuh, fugh, ungghh...!
Hirooka: Hyahh!? Aghh! Fwahh! My clit's getting rubbed so hard... Ahghh! Ahhh!
Hirooka: Fwahh, ahhh! Y-Yuuji-kun, stop...! If you stroke my clit that hard... hyahh! I'm gonna come...! I'm gonna squirt my naughty juices...!
Komori: Hahhh, agh, ahhh! Ngh, nhhh... You're already so wet... Nghahh, ahhh, it's dripping all over me... ahnnn!
Hirooka: Ahh, nghh, ahhh...! S-Sorry, Komori-san...! Hyuhh! Kuh, ugnhhh...!
Komori: Hah, ngh... haahhh! It's fi― ahh! If we switched places, I'd be dripping all over you... don't mind it... fwaghh! Ahhh!
Komori: Ahhh... agh, anhh! Let's just... hagh, hahh... drown in pleasure... okay?
Hirooka: Fuhh, hahhh! Ahhh! Y-Yeah...! Ahhh! Agh! Hahh, ahhnn!
Komori: Hahh! Aghh! Ahh, ngh, ahhh! Fwahh! Hahh, agh, ahhh, ahhhh!
Hirooka: Hyahh...! Ah, agh... fuhh... Huh...? S-Something's coming...? Nghh... ahh, aghhh...!
Komori: Ngh! Hah, hahhh... Hirooka-san, are you about to come...? Fwahh, aghh, ahh! I-I'm almost there too...!
Hirooka: Ahhh, agh! Come...? Hyuhh! Is that what happened... to Koide-senpai, when she made that lewd expression...?
Komori: Haghh, nhahh, ahhhh! Yeah, that's right...! Nghh! Don't be afraid... ngh, ahh, hahh! Let's come together...!
Hirooka: Ahghh, ngh...! Yes, yes...! As long as I'm with you, Komori-san, I'll be fine... Aghh, ahhh! Aghahh!
Komori: Hyah! Aghh! Hahh, aghhh! Ngh, ahhh! Hahh, ahhh! Agh! Ahhh!
Hirooka: Hahh, nghh! Agh! Ahhh! Hyuhh...! Ngh, hahh, aghh! Ahhh!
Komori: Fwahh! Agh, hah, nghh! Aghhh! Hirooka-san, I'm... gonna...! Uwahh! Aghh! Ah! Aahhh!
Hirooka: Nghh! Hahh, hah... I-I think... me too... Hyah!! Ahhhh! Aghh! Hiihh, nnhh! Ahh, hahh, aaghh!
Komori: Aaaggghhhhhhhhh!!!!!
Hirooka: Aaaggghhhhhhhhh!!!!!
Narration: *The two girls press their bodies together, convulsing, as a muddy, whitish fluid leaks out from both of their slits.*
Komori: Nhh, hahh... haghh, hahh... Nhh, mm... hahh...
Hirooka: Ugh, agh... ahhh... Hahhh... hahh, haahhh... Ngh, hahh...
Narration: *Their lower lips pucker open and closed. From what I see, it should be fine to stick it in.*
Narration: *But it's not like I can do both of them at once... What now...?*
Komori: Hahhh, hagh... hm? What's wrong... Yuuji-kun...?
Yuuji: Well... I'm not sure who I should go into first...
Komori: Ahh, I see... well... maybe Hirooka-san can go first? She's never masturbated before, so maybe it'd be good to do it before she can relax.
Komori: Hirooka-san, are you okay with that?
Hirooka: Hahh, hahh... Huh...? What...?
Komori: All right, looks good.
Yuuji: Eh...? But...
Komori: You can do it now while she can't tense up ― this is for her sake too. Just go ahead, Yuuji-kun.
Yuuji: Ahh... okay...
Narration: *Is this really okay? So I think to myself, but I didn't have enough reason or knowledge to refuse.*
Narration: *So, upon Komori-san's request, I penetrate Hirooka-san.*
Hirooka: Ugh, guhh... Ngh, nhhuhh... What the... ah, ahhh... Something way thicker than a finger... is going in...
Komori: It's Yuuji-kun's... penis...
Hirooka: Agh... ugh, nghh... Yuuji-kun's...? Hiihhh, guhh!!!
Komori: Congratulations on graduating from virginity.
Hirooka: Haghh, hahh... Nghh... It's grating against me... Mmm, fhuh, ahhh...!
Komori: Hm? What's wrong?
Hirooka: Ahh, ahh... Something really hard... and hot... nghh, mmhh... just scraped against me deep inside... nghh...
Yuuji: S-Sorry... I seem to have gone in deeper compared to Koide-san...
Hirooka: N-No... ahh, fuhh... it's a little... painful.. nguhh... But when you hit me inside... it sends chills down my spine... I just can't suppress my voice but... I'm fine...
Yuuji: ...I'll start moving, then...
Hirooka: Yes... please do...
Narration: *After she affirms, I take a quick breath and slowly move my hips.*
Hirooka: Ahh, aghh... hihhh, nghh... T-This is... mm, kuhh... like my insides are getting churned up...!
Hirooka: Nghh! Haghh, ahh... aghh... T-This time... ahh, Yuuji-kun's... is spreading me apart... going in...!
Hirooka: Ughh, ahh... hahhh... it's scraping against me there but... Whenever Yuuji-kun moves, my insides feel so hot...
Komori: It really was the right move to have you penetrate her right after coming.
Hirooka: Hahh, haghh... hahh, nghh... Ahh, what was...? Aughnn!
Komori: Hm? Hirooka-saaan― Ahhh...!
Komori: Akuhh! Ohh, agh... ahh... Eh? huh? Is the thing inside me Yuuji-kun's...?
Yuuji: Yes. It's also your first time, so I thought I should put it in before you can relax...
Komori: Ngh... Guh, ugh... It is my first time, yeah... ahh, aghh... but if you put it in so suddenly, of course I'd be surprised...
Yuuji: I-I'm sorry...
Komori: Hahh, ugh... nnh, mmm... But... Ah, ahh... It's just like Koide-senpai and Hirooka-san said... it feels so hot...!
Yuuji: Ahh, Komori-san, I'm still going in further...
Komori: Nh, fwahh, ahh... ah... aghh, ahhhh... My inside's... filling up... with Yuuji-kun's...!
Yuuji: Umm, Komori-san, are you okay...?
Komori: Ahh, fuhh, ngh, hahh... I'm fine... Nhhh... You penetrated while I was still in the afterglow so... it didn't hurt as much as I thought...
Narration: *So does that mean I can move now...?*
Komori: Hyah! Ahh, hagh... Nghh! Hagh, ahh... Y-You're scraping my inside... hyahh! I-It actually feels this good...?
Komori: Nhh, ahh... Hahh, ahh! I-I always masturbate with my clit so... ahh! Having something so thick inside me... feels weird...!
Komori: Agh, ahhh... hahh, ahnnn! Ahhh! Agh... hahh... ahhh! Agh! Hyahh! Angh!
Komori: Hagh, nhahh, ahhh...! N-No... anhh! You just put it in, but I'm already moaning...!
Hirooka: Komori-san... I'm so jealous...
Hirooka: Ahh, aghh...! Y-Yuuji-kun's inside me again...!
Hirooka: Nghh! Agh, hahh... hagh, nghh... It's been so long since Yuuji-kun's pounded my insides... My spine's getting chills...!
Hirooka: Hagh, hahhh... ngh, ahhh! My insides are so hot... agh, ahh... and I'm starting to get even wetter...!
Komori: Ahhh, every time Yuuji-kun thrusts, I can hear the squelching sounds, it's so dirty... Hirooka-san must be that wet...
Hirooka: Fwahh, aghh... hahhh, aghh! B-Because... anhh! Sex feels so good... ahh! Agh!
Hirooka: Hahh, agh! Ngh, fwahhh... S-Sorry, Komori-san... I think my drool just... hyahh, aghh! Ahhh!
Hirooka: Nghh, fuhh, ahhh! Agh! N-No...! Fwahhh, my drool's just... all over... hyaughh! Nghaah! Aghhh!
Komori: Ahhh, just seeing Hirooka-san's really lewd face, and hearing her moaning... I'm feeling so lonely now...
Komori: Nhh, hahhh...! Agh, ahhh... Yuuji-kun's back...!
Komori: Afuhh, nghh... Yuuji-kun... please, pound me hard again...
Yuuji: Yes...
Komori: Fwahh! Aghh! Ahh! Ngh! A-Amazing...! You're rubbing against me even harder than before...!
Komori: Agh! Ahhh! After experiencing something this good... Ahhnn! I can't get off with just my clit anymore...!
Komori: Hahhh, nghh... Yuuji-kun... Nghahh... Please... ahh, aghh... Do me more...
Yuuji: Okay...
Komori: Fwahh! Agh! Hagh, ahnn! Ahh! Agh! I-I'm making lewd, squelchy noises too, like Hirooka-san...
Hirooka: Oh no... I was penetrated just earlier, but... I'm already craving more...
Hirooka: Aahhh...! Yuuji-kun's thrusting into me... so deep inside... over and over...!
Hirooka: Hahh, haahhh... hyaugh! Agh! Ahhhh! He keeps pounding me so deep... nghh, hahhh! I'm getting jolts down my back...!
Yuuji: ...But I'm not going in that―
Hirooka: No... Hahh, nghh...! Deeper... agh, anhh! More, more! Harder...!
Yuuji: All right.
Hirooka: Fwagghhh! Ahhh! Hagh, ahh, agnhh! Hahhh, aghh! Ngh, hahh, aaghhh...!
Komori: Yuuji-kun, do me too...
Komori: Ahhh! Nghh! Yuuji-kun, it's been so long... Aghhh...! My insides are squeezing down...!
Yuuji: Ughh...!
Komori: Kuhh, fuhh... ahhh! Aghh! M-My insides are squeezing so tightly... hyah! Agh, haahhn! Oh god... he's churning me up...!
Komori: Aghh! Ahh! Hahh! I-If you do me so hard, I... I― Ahnn! I'll come...!
Hirooka: Eh!? N-no way! He put it in me first, so I should be the first to come! It's only fair!
Komori: Ahh! Aghh! W-What... Fwaghhh! B-But I'm about to come... aghh, ahhh! You can't just tell him to sto― aghh, ahhh...!
Hirooka: Ugh... that would be terrible...
Hirooka: Ahh, then how about let's come together?
Komori: Hahh, haghh... Y-Yeah... That'd be... ngh, haghh...!
Hirooka: Yuuji-kun, me too...
Hirooka: Hyagh! Agh, hahh, ahhhh! You're pounding me... so deep... aghhh! Hyahhh!
Komori: Hirooka-san, hurry up...
Hirooka: Fwaahhh! Y-You're rubbing my clit― Aghhh! Hyahhh! Ahhh! D-Don't! The pleasure's... too much... I'm gonna go crazyyyyyy!
Komori: Sure... go wild... just hurry...
Komori: Aanhh! Agh, hahh, agghhh! Yuu... ji... kun...! Hyahh! Aghh! Fwah, aghh!
Hirooka: Hahh, aghh! Ahh! Fwahhh! Hagh, ahnn! Ahhh! Agh! K-Komori-san... I... I'm about to come...!
Komori: Ahhh! Hagh, nnghh! M-Me too... I'm going to...! Ah! Agh, ahhhh!
Hirooka: Ngh, fwah, aghhh! Agh, ahhh... No, I can't...! Ahh, no! Aghh! Ahhh! Aaghhh!
Komori: Aahhh! I'm...! Agh! Ahh! I'm... comiing...! Agh, aghhhh! I'm commiiiiiiiinnggggg!!!!!
Hirooka: Fwaaghh! Aghh, ahhhh... Ahh, so much... hot fluid... dripping on me...!
Komori: Aghh... ahhh... I'm going to... come...! Nnghh!!!
Narration: *Absolutely drenched in sexual fluids, both Hirooka-san and Komori-san quiver.*
Hirooka: Ah... ah... hahh... Unghh... S-Sorry, Komori-san... I... can't hold it...
Komori: Hahh... hahh... don't worry... I'm fine... nghh, hahh... Feel free to rest on me...
Hirooka: Nhh, thanks... hahhh...
Komori: Ahh, fuh... Nghh...!
Hirooka: Komori-san...? What's wrong...?
Komori: Hagh, ungh... I felt... Yuuji-kun's semen dripped down from your slit down to mine... 
Hirooka: Komori-san... you're such a dirty girl...
Komori: Ugh... Don't tell anyone else...
Hirooka: Of course I won't.
Narration: *I'm relieved at seeing Komori-san and Hirooka-san as they talk to each other.*
Narration: *It looks like I managed to please everyone.*
Narration: *I'm overjoyed to have been of some help to them.*
Koide: Yuuji-kun, thank you!
Yuuji: I-It's nothing...
Koide: So uhh... do you mind if we rely on you again like we did today?
Yuuji: Eh...?
Koide: I feel a little more confident, but... it doesn't feel like enough...
Koide: So please! Let's have sex again sometime!
Komori: M-Me too!
Hirooka: Ah, that's not fair! Me three!
Narration: *Once more, they're depending on me.*
Narration: *Once more, I can be of help.*
Narration: *It fills me with joy, but also a sense of of shame...*
Narration: *I couldn't look at them in the eye, but I answer them clearly.*
Yuuji: Sure, if you're fine with me.
Narration: *If I could help them grow even a little bit... then why not?*
Kazuki: Hahh... No matter how hard I try, it seems like Yuuji will always be surrounded by women...

Millie: I'm challenging you to a duel!!
Narration: *It's a beautiful day without a cloud in the sky... and I've got one of my fellow "students" picking a fight with me.*
Yuuji: ...Who are you?
Millie: Millie! Millie Stan! We're in the same damn squad, at least remember our names!
Narration: *Even though guys and girls are in separate rooms, I really ought to know at least my squad members' names... But was she really in the same squad?*
Narration: *I tilt my head in puzzlement and look at the list of who's on laundry duty. Her actual name seems to be Milliela Stanfield. *
Narration: *I see. Millie Stan for short.*
Yuuji: So, what's all this now?
Millie: Sharpshooting's the one thing I had confidence in, okay? I'm not that smart and I'm not that strong, but I didn't think anyone was better than me with a rifle...
Millie: In the last contest, I landed 13 shots out of 15... Top of the heap, until you showed up! You popped up out of nowhere with a perfect damn score! Can you blame a girl for getting a little pissed!?
Millie: Of course, then they give you the badge for winning the competition. Woulda been one thing if you wore it with pride, but you go and treat it like it's completely worthless. Were you actually trying to insult me, or what!?
Yuuji: It's not like they gave me a raise for earning that thing. I think "worthless" is a pretty appropriate word, actually.
Millie: Well, it meant a hell of a lot to me! It was the whole reason I enlisted! You're calling that worthless!?
Yuuji: ...If you want the thing, I'll give it you. Couldn't care less...
Millie: And that's exactly what pisses me off! I demand a rematch!!
Yuuji: ..This sounds like a massive pain in the ass... I mean, there's no upside for me, right?
Millie: Okay! Fine, I get it... If you win, you can do whatever you want to me!
Yuuji: ...I'll pass...
Millie: Excuse me, asshole!? Did you just think "I wouldn't want a woman like this if she fell in my lap"!? It's written all over your face!
Narration: *Damn. At this point, refusing entirely would probably make me an enemy for life.*
Narration: *"Milliela Stanfield"... What a remarkably annoying woman.*
Narration: *As these thoughts were running through my mind, I happened to glance over at the wall where the schedule for rotating chores was posted.*
Narration: *My name was written under "laundry duty" for the upcoming week.*
Yuuji: Hey, Milliela... If I win, will you take over my laundry shift next week?
Millie: Huh? That seriously good enough for you? Fine, sure. I'm up for that.
Yuuji: Appreciate it.
Millie: Don't say that until you've actually beaten me! Just to be clear, I'm not planning to lose!!
Millie: ...The rules of the match are simple. You see the can of tomatoes 200 yards away, right? If you land a direct hit on that, you win.
Narration: *I was holding a small bore rifle that we'd taken from the rack in our quarters without permission. My ammunition was a handful of .22 LR rounds we'd "forgotten" to count during normal daily training.*
Narration: *Normally speaking, you want to be firing a small bore rifle at 25-50 meters. And while the bullets themselves can travel a good 1600 meters, their effective range normally maxes out at less than 100. *
Narration: *She was telling me to use this for a field shot at a range of 200 yards... a good 182 meters.*
Narration: *On top of which, we'd snuck out here after lessons finished, so the current time was 6 PM. Twilight's terrible for your long-range vision; all in all, this felt like a pretty disadvantageous wager.*
Yuuji: ...Not sure if anyone could land this shot under these conditions...
Millie: My old man says he did, back when he was in the military.
Yuuji: ...Hmm... that's impressive. Was your dad in the Marines too?
Millie: You think it's a load of crap, don't you?
Yuuji: No, I'm sure it's possible under the right conditions... but this is definitely going to be hard. Did you actually manage this, Milliela?
Millie: ...Tried, but I couldn't do it. That's why you win if you land a shot...
Yuuji: I see...
Millie: Look, just get started already. It's only going to get tougher the darker it gets.
Yuuji: Give me three chances, then. We'll call it my loss if I can't hit it by the third shot.
Millie: Oh... come to think of it, I didn't think up a penalty for when you lose...
Yuuji: All right. If I lose, how about I let you give me a blowjob?
Millie: ...Are you on drugs? How the hell did you come up with that?
Yuuji: Well, you started things off by offering me your body, didn't you? I was just returning the favor.
Millie: Look... putting your body on the line is completely different when you're a woman, okay?
Millie: Gah! Hey, don't just take a shot all of a sudden!
Yuuji: ...Missed, huh...
Millie: Of course you did! If you could hit a target like that with a shot that half-assed, anyone could be a sniper!
Yuuji: I think I've got a feel for it now, though. Should be able to land the next one... Watch carefully, all right?
Millie: Come on, seriously...? You know it's not that easy... The wind's picking up, too. We can try this again some other day, if you want...
Yuuji: ...Milliela...
Millie: Yeah...?
Yuuji: Can you see what color the wind is today?
Millie: Huh? Color? I don't get it. What are you even talking about?
Yuuji: ...I'm firing...
Millie: Uh, okay...
Narration: *The light bullet burst out of my rifle's barrel, following the trajectory I had mentally pictured a moment before... then rode the wind toward the empty can at the end of the range, curving into it as if drawn by a magnet.*
Millie: ...No fuckin' way. That was only your second shot...
Yuuji: I said three would be enough, didn't I?
Millie: Seriously...? What kind of magic trick did you pull...?
Yuuji: Anyway, I guess you get to wash my underwear for me now. Make sure to do a good job on laundry duty next week, all right?
Millie: ...Y-Yeah, I'll wash 'em, sure... Uhm, anything else? Want to go have sex in the bathroom while we're at it?
Yuuji: I'm really not sure what we're supposed to be "at," but maybe next time...
Narration: *Later on, I would come to regret those words dearly.*
Yuuji: Hahh...
Danny: What's up, Shorty?
Yuuji: No, it's just Milliela.
Narration: *Ever since the night I won our sharpshooting contest, Milliela has been constantly nagging me about "when we'll have sex".*
Narration: *It's been a week since then. She's still been asking me every time we meet. I can only dream of when it will end.*
Narration: *I never imagined she was this much of a pain in the ass...*
Danny: Just tell her to screw off.
Yuuji: She's been so persistent, I've even gotten physical in some cases...
Danny: And she's still trying...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: The last time, she said "oh wow, getting hit by Jeanie actually feels good..."
Danny: For real...?
Narration: *I'll just go into hiding before training starts...*
Narration: *Well, that was the plan at least.*
Narration: *But we bump into each other right outside the bathroom.*
Narration: *I even made sure to pick one far away from my room... How did this happen?*
Millie: Jeanie, let's have sex! ♪
Yuuji: ...I'm tired today. Don't think I can't get it up.
Millie: Don't worry, I'll get your cock hard for you!
Narration: *No good, huh? Well, can't say I really expected that excuse to fly...*
Narration: *I'm starting to get sick of giving her the runaround. This calls for a more drastic course of action.*
Yuuji: Milliela... Don't tell anyone, but...
Millie: What?
Yuuji: To tell you the truth... I'm gay.
Millie: Seriously!?
Yuuji: Yeah. So I can't―
Millie: Oh, but you can still get it hard, right? So you can have sex.
Narration: *Come on, are you kidding me?*
Narration: *I tried to scare her off with a lie, and she didn't even blink... looks like I may need to teach this girl a lesson to get myself some peace.*
Yuuji: ...You're really that interested in me, Milliela?
Millie: Of course! I'm 100% in love with Jeanie!
Yuuji: I see. Okay. Let's have sex.
Millie: Really!? Hell yeah! Let's do it!
Narration: *Joy written all over Milliela's face, she grabs me by the hand and pulls me into the men's bathroom.*
Yuuji: What the― not in your room...?
Millie: Huh? I mean, it's a room for four. I'd have to explain everything to them and make them all get out, I'd feel bad.
Yuuji: Awfully courteous of you...
Millie: Eh, r-really...? Hehe, Jeanie complimented me!
Narration: *She pulls me into a stall without letting go of my hand, smiling all the while.*
Millie: Ahh, well, as long as it's with you, I can do it anywhere... Do you not wanna fuck in the bathroom? You wanna do it somewhere else? I'm game for anywhere.
Yuuji: No, this is too much of a hassle. Here is fine.
Millie: Then that's that!
Narration: *Milliela seems ecstatic; she turns around and starts fiddling with her clothes.*
Narration: *After taking her belt off, she pulls her pants and underwear down, pointing her butt right at me.*
Millie: Jeanie, here you go...
Narration: *She peeks at me from between her legs as she says that.*
Narration: *Her pussy is already wet, puckering open and shut in lust.*
Narration: *Ahh, she's just raring to go...*
Narration: *Even though I'm already about to do the deed, I'm waxing poetic about the matter.*
Millie: Huh? What, don't tell me you're a virgin. You're supposed to stick your dick in here.
Narration: *Milliela takes her fingers and spreads her vagina's thick lips apart. Liquid slowly drips out of it.*
Narration: *Considering how incessantly she was begging me for sex, I thought that she did it fairly often, but... Hmm. It's a lovely pussy.*
Narration: *From her tight hole, to her folds that haven't darkened at all, all of it glistens in her love juices. It looks to be very pleasurable.*
Millie: Ahh, Jeanie... don't just stare. Start doing me...
Yuuji: Hmm... I'll put it in then.
Millie: Yeah, yeah, come oooon! ♪
Millie: Ahhh, Jeanie's going in... ♪
Millie: Wait, that's your finger, not a dick!
Yuuji: Hmm? What's wrong?
Millie: What's wrong? I'll tell you what's wrong! You're supposed to shove your dick in here! I've already cleared the way! And then you just put in a finger? Just one damn finger?
Yuuji: Oh, just one isn't enough?
Millie: Auhnn! ♪
Millie: Wait, no, it's not about how many, it's what you're putting in! I mean, yeah, it's great you're doing this, but I want a dick! D! I! C! K!
Yuuji: I see. Sorry.
Millie: Oh... you're pulling out?
Yuuji: You said you didn't want fingers, right? Of course I have to pull them out.
Millie: Ahh... but I mean, they're already inside, you can't just not do anything with 'em before you pull out, right? Like, it's not right...
Yuuji: You make absolutely no sense.
Yuuji: Just tell me what you want.
Millie: You know... I've been saying I want dick over and over again... But I mean, you might as well make me come with your fingers at least once~ Or something.
Yuuji: Good grief... what a pain in the ass...
Millie: Ugh, sorr― Ooghhhh! Hey! Don't stick your finger inside someone in the middle of an apology! It's dangerous!
Yuuji: Dangerous? How so?
Millie: I mean my beloved Jeanie is messing with my pussy. Just having you touch me there is getting me soaking wet, I'm practically shaking down there. So I might end up biting my tongue. 
Yuuji: I see.
Millie: Hyah! Afuh, ahhh! Hagh, ahn! Huh? What do you mean "I see" ― that's it!?
Yuuji: You're really getting on my nerves... Do you want to have sex or not?
Millie: I do! I really want to!
Yuuji: Then just shut up for a while.
Millie: Okay! If that's what you say!
Narration: *I swear... I can finally get this done in peace...*
Narration: *I get back to stimulating her insides with my finger, trying to find her sweet spot.*
Millie: Agh, hagh... Ngh, fwahh... ahh, aghh... Jeanie's... feeling up my insides...
Yuuji: I'm just touching you, but you're already feeling it that much?
Millie: Hah, aghhh... I just said... nghh, ahh... My body's reacting to the touch of the man I love... Hahhh...
Yuuji: Which means the more pleasure you have, the louder your voice will get.
Millie: Yeah... Ahh, nhh... probably, I think so... Agh, ahh...
Yuuji: I see...
Yuuji: Which means you'll eventually get loud enough that someone outside might hear and spot us.
Millie: Ahh, agh... I'll do my best and keep my voice down, so... don't stop, Jeanie...
Millie: I don't want us to get this far just to stop...
Yuuji: I'll think about it.
Millie: Really? Promis― Fwagh!? Hahhh, agh, ngh... th-there... ahghh... it feels good when you rub me there...
Yuuji: ...Here?
Millie: Anhhhh! Y-yeah, theeeere... aghh, hah, agh...
Narration: *Hmm, her weak spot's in the back, huh? Interesting.*
Narration: *From what I know, everyone's weak spot is on the front... in the abdomen. I see, so Milliela's weak spot is closer to her buttocks.*
Narration: *As I search for where she feels the most pleasure, I go up to my finger's second joint, curve it, and stimulate her frontal area at the same time.*
Millie: Agh, ahh, ahhhh... That's goooood, Jeanie... Ngh, hahh... you're scraping my pussy... my juices are flowing out and it sounds so dirty when you move your finger...
Yuuji: You're clearly getting a bit too wet here...
Millie: Hagh... ngh, nnhh... That's not true... Ahhhh, ngh... my beloved is rubbing my pussy... Of course I'd get this wet... ahh, haahhh...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *As Milliela and I talk, I'm constantly changing my angle and position to find her G-spot.*
Narration: *All the spots I've tried so far haven't worked... Maybe it's a bit deeper in...?*
Millie: Fwaghhh!? Haghh, ahhh! Agh, ngh, hahh, aahhh...!
Yuuji: Oh, here it is.
Millie: Hyahh! Ahhh, hahh... Nghh, hahhh, aghhh... J-Jeanie... ah, ahhh... there, that's gooood...!
Yuuji: Yeah, I know.
Millie: Hyuhh!? Hagh, ahh...! Ngh, fhuh, hahhh... If you poke me so hard I― Ahhhh! Too much! Too haaaarddddd...!
Yuuji: But you're really feeling it.
Millie: Nghoohhh...! W-Wait, Jeanie...! Hiighh, ahhh... If you stroke me that hard― Nghah! Ahhh... I'm gonna moan...!
Yuuji: Your discharge is getting stronger too. Whenever I move my finger, there's a lot of squelching sounds.
Millie: Hagh, agh, ahh... That's because... I'm even wetter than before... Nghh! Oh god, I'm still getting wetter...
Yuuji: Your insides have gotten nice and moist now. Is this actually from climaxing? Not just your precome?
Millie: Aghh, hahh, nghh... T-That's... You just haven't realized... But I've been... since the start... Ahh! Hagh, unghh!
Yuuji: It was a lot thinner at the start, though... Oh, more of the stickier stuff came out.
Millie: Hahh, hah... ngh, ahhh! C-Cause you... kept rubbing my G-spot... hyuhh, nghh!
Yuuji: What, you knew that was your G-spot?
Millie: Nghh... hahh, hahhh... of course... I did... Ahh, hagh, aghh... I had to masturbate my frustration away every day you shot me down... I know every nook and cranny of my pussy...
Yuuji: That's every single day, then... Just how pent up are you...?
Millie: Agh, ahh... Hahh, ngh! W-What else was I supposed to do...? Aghh! Hahh, ahh... I've wanted your dick for so long...!
Yuuji: Hmm... Then just imagine my dick's inside you.
Millie: Ah, ahh... Jeanie's dick...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Like the head of my dick is what's rubbing against your G-spot.
Millie: Ngh, hah... ahh, aaaaghhhhhh...! W-Wow...! When I imagine your fingers to be a dick, it just feels mindblowing...!
Millie: Hahh, haghh, nghh! Hihhh! Ahhh...! Jeanie's... rubbing my G-spot so hard... my pussy's gonna go crazy!
Yuuji: You just complained about how I was being too rough, but your pussy's squeezing down on me tight.
Millie: Ahh, hahh, nghh, agh... C-Cause... I want your dick-finger even more...! Agh, ahh... so hard... I want you to take it and rub me even more...!
Yuuji: Now you're shaking your hips... what a perv.
Millie: Ahh, aghhh! Hahh, nghah, aghhh! O-Only for you, okay? I wouldn't show anyone else this side of me... nghh, ahhh! Hahh, ahnnn!
Millie: Hahh, haghh... I love you so much, Jeanie... Hyah! Ahh! Agh! Of course I'd get this turned on. Fuh, ahh! Aghh!
Yuuji: That so?
Millie: Fwahh, ahh! Geez, again with the noncommittal... response... Nghah, hahh! But I love that part of you too...! Ahh! Aghh! Head over heels!
Millie: Mmh, hahh! Haghh... ahh, hyuhh, nghh, fuhh! Hahhh! Agh! Ahhh! Hahh, ahh, agh, ah! Hah, anh! Ahh! Aghh!
Narration: *Milliela's voice gets higher and higher, as well as hoarser.*
Narration: *Hmm, looks like she's about to climax.*
Millie: Ahh! Hah, anh! Aghh! Jeanie! Ahh! Jeanie! Agh! I-I'm coming...! Ngh!
Narration: *Once she quivers a little, I grab her butt and completely stop my hands.*
Millie: Nhh, ahh...?
Narration: *On the verge of climax, Milliela tilts her head, puzzled.*
Narration: *But once it hits her, she looks at me with eyes filled with longing.*
Millie: Jeanie... why'd you stop...?
Yuuji: Ahh, I got a bit tired.
Narration: *Obviously a lie. I stopped because I wanted her to start getting desperate.*
Millie: Please, Jeanie... It was getting so good... If you stop now, I'm gonna lose it...
Yuuji: ...Well, I do apologize.
Millie: Ngh, hagh.. .ahnnnh... ♪ I really do love you... you're my number one... Ahh, aghh... hahh, aghh...
Narration: *Awfully nice of her, considering I stopped just as she was about to climax, and then only stimulated her just barely within her G-spot.*
Narration: *Love really is blind.*
Millie: Hahhh, haghh... h-huh...? Nghh... It doesn't feel as good as before...?
Millie: Ngh... ahh, fuhh... Jeanie... Are you being mean again...? Do me hard again like before... I want you to mess my pussy up...
Yuuji: Oh, fine...
Millie: Fwahh! Agh, hahhh, nghh... Aghh, ahh, a-again, my pussy's... haghhh! Aghh, ahhh!
Millie: Nghh... fuh, ahh...? W-What...? What is this...? It feels so good, but... it's not enough...
Narration: *I've only been stimulating her weak spots, so now she's lacking stimulation in the other areas.*
Narration: *Despite the pleasure, because she can't reach climax, she ends up feeling worked up, but ultimately unsatisifed.*
Millie: Haghh, hahhh... Jeanie's... dick-finger is scraping me so hard... and it feels great, but... ahhh! Nhhh... this is weird...
Yuuji: Hmm... Then maybe we should stop?
Millie: Ah, agh! No way! After everything that's happened... no can do... ngh, ahh...
Yuuji: Then do you want to pleasure yourself?
Millie: Aghh... nghh... I already have your finger... If I did that I'd feel even more desperate... ngh, ahhh...
Millie: Hahhh... hah, ngh... If I'm coming, I want to come from your finger... nghh, ahh, agh... And only that...
Yuuji: You're shaking your butt... Do you really want to come from my finger that bad?
Millie: Hagh... ahhh, mmm... That too, but... you said your hand's tired so... Mmhhh, ahhh... I thought I'd move a bit so you don't have to put in as much effort...
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *If she can be this considerate, then why can't she just let go instead of constantly forcing herself on me after I rejected her...?*
Millie: Hahh, ngh... ahh, agh... N-No... hahhh... My pussy's... still not satisifed... ahh, agh...
Yuuji: But your juices are still dripping out.
Millie: Nghh... hafuhh, ahhh... It feels good... Hahh... It feels good, but it's not enough... ngh, fuh, hahhh...
Yuuji: I see... Then I'll use one more finger.
Millie: Ngh! Fuhh, oohhhh... three fingers now... ahhh, hagh, ngh... hahh...
Yuuji: Oh, your pussy tightened up when I put in the third finger.
Millie: Ngh, fuhh... hahh, hahhh... Y-Yeah... aghh... because I want to feel you even more...
Millie: Hahh, hagh... hahh... so... do me hard... ahh, ahh... Wreck my pussy... Make me come... okay?
Yuuji: I don't know if I can live up to that, but I'll do what I can.
Millie: Ahah, no less from the man I love, Jeanie... Fwaghh! Agh, hah, aghhh! Ahhh! Hagh, ngh! Oh... god, so rough..>!
Millie: Fuhh, hahh... Hagh, ahhh! Having another finger... Nghh! Has you stimulating me even more places... it's so good...!
Yuuji: But it's still not enough?
Millie: Hagh, nghh... H-How could you tell...?
Yuuji: I've got my fingers in your pussy. Of course I'd know.
Millie: Hagh, hahh... hah, nghh... Just like you said. It's so rough, and it feels so good, but... nghh! Ahh, ahhh... It's not enough...
Millie: Nghh... fuh, hahh, haagh... Did my pussy break or something...? *Sniff* Even though I'm finally having sex with you, have I lost it...?
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *It's too sad to keep her this desperate for it...*
Narration: *I'll need to make up for this with just as much pleasure.*
Narration: *I bring my finger back to where it was earlier and scrape it against her G-spot, now so bumpy, it almost seems swollen.*
Millie: Hiighh!? Ah, fwohh!? Aaghhhh! W-What the―!? It's suddenly so...!! Ahhh! Aaaghhhhh!!!!
Narration: *Perhaps having longed so much for stimulation, she reaches climax at a single stroke of my finger against her spot, and squirts out her love juices.*
Yuuji: Hey, dammit, stop! My pants are gonna get wet!
Millie: Mmghh! Aagghhhhhh!!!!
Yuuji: Ahh...
Narration: *Milliela's body trembles and squirts fluids everywhere.*
Narration: *As a result, my pants are soaked, as if I spilled water on them/*
Narration: *I suppose this is karma for earlier...*
Millie: Ahh, fwoh... ohhh, ahhh... aghh... J-Jeanie... I got your pants wet... Ngh! Sorry...
Yuuji: W-Well, I'm the one who made you come and all. Don't worry about it.
Millie: Aaahh~nh! ♪ You're so nice, Jeanie! Nothing less from the man I fell in love with!
Narration: *Damn... wrong choice of words.*
Narration: *I'd like to deal with it before it gets any worse, but... for now, I need to deal with my pants.*
Narration: *Not only does the clinging wetness feel terrible, but Milliela's smell has gotten my dick erect. These things feel way too tight at the moment.*
Narration: *Let's take 'em off, I guess.*
Millie: Ahh... Time for your dick now?
Yuuji: You just came, and you already want more...?
Millie: Yeah, I do.
Millie: Your fingers were great, but... I want the real deal.
Yuuji: Hmm...
Narration: *Using my hand is getting really tiring now... Well, fine.*
Yuuji: All right, I'll give you the honor of having my dick.
Millie: Yes! The dick I've always wanted!
Millie: Oh, but before you put it in, can we change positions?
Yuuji: Well, fine with me...
Millie: Sorry about this. I want your dick ASAP, but my legs are kinda giving out and I don't want to lose my balance in the middle of sex.
Yuuji: I see...
Millie: Mmm, uhh...
Yuuji: If it's hard to move, do you need some help?
Millie: Huh? Really? Carry me like a princess then!
Yuuji: Never mind, do it yourself.
Millie: Ehhhh...
Yuuji: If you're going to waste my time then I'm leaving.
Millie: Wait! I'll make it quick!
Narration: *Legs still trembling, she switches positions, and as if having lost her strength, she leans against the water tank, sliding down until she sits on the toilet.*
Narration: *In that position, I see her skirt pulled up, her breasts in full view.*
Yuuji: No bra...?
Millie: Eh? What?
Yuuji: No... just that you have nice breasts.
Millie: R-Really?
Yuuji: Yeah, the size, the areolas, nipples, color... not bad at all.
Millie: Hehe... they're all yours, Jeanie. Do whatever you want with them.
Millie: But... take care of this for now.
Narration: *As she says that, she spreads her legs, showing off her pussy.*
Narration: *I unbuckle my belt and pull down my pants.*
Millie: Whoa! Your dick's way bigger than I thought!
Yuuji: Really?
Millie: Yeah. You have a small build, and kind of a baby face, so I thought it'd be smaller.
Yuuji: Don't just fantasize about people's dicks...
Millie: Whoa... so this is what your dick looks like...
Millie: The veins are all popping out and it's so hard... ohh, the head looks pretty great too...
Yuuji: I didn't ask for your opinion...
Yuuji: ...If you're that curious, then do you want to just stare at it?
Millie: No, I want it in me!
Yuuji: I see. Then I'm putting it in.
Millie: All right!
Narration: *With how wet she is, I doubt we'll need to prepare mine.*
Narration: *I align my penis with her vagina's entrance, already soaked in fluids, and insert it into her.*
Millie: Hagh, aghh, ahhhhh...! Here comes the dick! ♪
Narration: *After having made her come too much, her vagina still puckering open, I was thinking that she'd be a bit too loose, but that wasn't the case.*
Narration: *The moment I penetrate her, the insides envelop me fairly tightly... it's quite pleasurable.*
Millie: Ahhnn, Jeanie, hurry up and move...
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah.
Millie: Come on, come on~! ♪
Yuuji: Nghh.
Millie: Aahhnnn! ♪ Ahh, aghhh... A real dick really is so much better...!
Yuuji: You sure came a lot; your insides are really wet.
Millie: Haghh... mmm, fuhh, ahh... How is it...? Does my pussy feel good?
Yuuji: Let me think...
Yuuji: When I go deep inside, your folds start to curl up as if they want me to come inside... And when I pull back, you really tighten up, almost a bit too much.
Millie: But I mean, you pull back so far... I'm worried that it might pop out...
Yuuji: Relax. If I pull out, I'll put it back in deep... Like so.
Millie: Hagh, ahhnnn! Ah, ahhh... O-One more time... Do me deep...
Yuuji: Like this?
Millie: Haahhhnn! Agh, hagh, ahhh... fuh, aghh... Jeanie's dick is hitting my cervix, it feels so good...!
Yuuji: Oh right, you feel pretty shallow... Is it because of your position?
Millie: "Shallow"...? I don't get it... Really?
Yuuji: Yeah. But all of my dick's getting squeezed nice and tight, so it's pretty great for me.
Millie: Huh...? What do you mean?
Yuuji: I means I can go in even deeper.
Millie: Ngh! Ooohhhh...! M-My womb is... Nghhh, hah, agh, getting... pressed... against...! 
Yuuji: Oh, your folds are twisting on me while they squeeze down. That was good.
Millie: T-Then... You can do it some more.
Yuuji: ...It looked pretty suffocating, are you all right?
Millie: My pussy and everything in it are all yours... If that's what makes you feel good, then do whatever you want.
Millie: Besides... it feels like we're really making love, so I'm fine.
Yuuji: I see. Then...
Millie: Hagh, unghh! ♪ Agh, hahhhn! Hagh, ahhh, aghh... J-Jeanie... your dick's making so much love to my pussy and womb! ♪
Yuuji: Relax a bit. The entrance is so tight it hurts.
Millie: Aagh, ahh... hagh, ngh... I-I can't... ahhhh! Agh, ahhh... Your dick feels too good...!
Yuuji: ...Then I guess I won't pound you as deep so you don't feel it so much.
Millie: Agh, ahh... no way... Nghh... hahh... I-I'll try not to tighten up so much... Just, please fuck me deep...
Yuuji: You can say that all you want, but you'd better show it.
Millie: Hagh... nhh, I got it... fwahhh! Agh, hah, ahnnn! ♪ Ngh, ahhh! Ahh! Nfuhhh... hah, aghhhh! Hyahh! Aghh, haghhn! ♪
Yuuji: What, so you can do it.
Millie: Nnn, fuhh, hahh... h-how is it...? Hagh, ahhh, aghh! Hagh, ahnn! Does my pussy feel good...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it feels way better than earlier. I can't even compare.
Millie: Hahh... nnh, fwahh, ahh... H-Hehe... Great... Nghh! Agh, hahnn! Your dick is the best too, Jeanie...
Yuuji: The best...? I'm just getting started.
Millie: Eh...? Hyah! Agh, ohhh! Hagh, ahhh...! S-So rough...! Nghh! Fuhh, oghhh! Your dick's pressing up against my cervi― Nnghoohhh!!!
Millie: Nnh, hah! Ahhh! Fuh, ohhh! My womb is...! Aghhh! It's getting pounded on... hiihh, nghhh! I'm going crazy...!
Yuuji: Should we stop, then?
Millie: Fuhh, nghh... No... ahh, hihh, nghhh! My womb can go crazy for all I care! Aghh! Agh, hah! More, more! Fuck me even harder!
Yuuji: I already knew, but damn, you're one hell of a masochist.
Millie: Nhohhh! T-There's the dick...! Ahhhh! Hihh, unghhh! My womb is... getting pounded! Haghh, haahhh... it's gonna break from the poundinnnngggg!!!
Yuuji: You've gotten really tight deep inside now...
Millie: Agh, hahh, nghh, unghh...! S-Sorry...! Hyagh, ahh, nghhaa, ahhh! B-But I'm about to come... I just can't... hold back...!
Yuuji: I see. Go ahead and come, then.
Millie: Haghh, ahhh! Agh! Y-Yeah... nghh, fwahh! Gonna come...! Nhohh! Aughh! I'm gonna come while you thrust against my cervix...!
Millie: Hiihhnn! Haghh! Agh! Ahhh! Oh god, I'm coming! I'm coming! Haghh, ahhhh! Oh god, my pussy! Ahhh, your dick's making me come! I'm coming! I'm coming!
Yuuji: Go on, come!
Millie: Fwoohhh! Ahhh, aghhh! Jeanie... is pounding my womb... Agh, ahhh! I'm cooooomiiiiing!!!!!!
Millie: Nhh, fwahhhh...! Y-Your semen's... shooting inside me...!!!!
Millie: Aghh, hahhh, ngh... this feels... ahhh, really... really good too... ♪
Millie: Hahh, hahhh... agh, you're almost done... Jeanie... come in me some more...
Yuuji: Hey, don't squeeze my dick that hard...
Millie: But.. I want more of your come...
Yuuji: ...Want me to scoop the stuff off the floor and shove it in you, then?
Millie: No, uhh, let's not...
Millie: I want you to shoot out some more of the fresh stuff! ♪
Yuuji: Don't try to sound cute while you pin me down with your legs... You're contradicting yourself.
Millie: Then don't be so cold, don't tell me that this is the end... Can you come inside my pussy one more time?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Millie: Really? You'll pump my pussy even more full of come?
Yuuji: I can't make any promises the quantity... but if you want me to come inside you, I don't mind.
Millie: Hehe... I love you, Jeanie! ♪
Yuuji: Yeah, right, sure.
Millie: Did you just completely ignore my confession!?
Yuuji: Look, do you want me to come inside you or not? Let go of me already.
Millie: Oh. Okay.
Millie: Nhyauh! Oghh, agh, ahhhh...! The moment I let go with my legs, you pound me right in the cervix... Ngh, ahh... Jeanie, that's so brutish of you... agh, ahh...!
Millie: Hagh, hahh... Haghh, ahhh! But... I love that part of you too! ♪ Fwah, ah, hahhn! ♪
Yuuji: You're so wet inside because I just came inside you. It's practically incomparable.
Millie: Anh... It's flowing... fwahh! Ahagh! Agh, hah, ahnnn! ♪ Ahhh! Aghhh!
Yuuji: If I thrust my hips in and out too much, the semen will end up forced out and it won't be as wet... I guess I should focus only deep inside you.
Millie: Yeah, please! Tease my womb! ♪
Yuuji: So you knew I was teasing you...
Millie: Agh, hah, ahhh! Ngh, fwahh...? My G-spot...? Agh, ahh! You'll do something for my G-spot and clit?
Yuuji: How did you even mishear...?
Yuuji: I just said that I'd focus only on deep inside you.
Millie: Nghh, fwaahhh...! Agh, hah, ahhh! A-Again, my womb is... ngh, kuhh... Wow, you're really pushing against it...!
Yuuji: Hey, quit tensing up. It's getting so tight, my dick hurts.
Millie: Nhah... Sorry... Fuh, hahh... hah, unh...
Yuuji: Just keep it that way. Don't tighten up, all right?
Millie: Hah... yeah I'll tr― Nghhoohhh!! Oghhh!! Agh, kuh, nghh...! W-Wha' the...?
Yuuji: Oh, looks like my penis penetrated your cervix.
Millie: Nnh, hah, haghh... Jeanie's dick... is... ahh, fuhh... in my... hahh... womb...?
Yuuji: Maybe I thrusted so hard I softened up the entrance, or perhaps it slid in from lubrication by the semen... I don't know how it happened exactly, but there you have it.
Millie: Is that s― Fwhoghh!? Oghh, aghh, nggh! J-Jeanie's dick is... hiugh! Going in and out of, ahh, aghh... my womb...!
Millie: Ahh, hagh, ngh, hahh! I-I... what is this...!? Hyahh! Hagh, nhah, ahhh! T-This is the first time I've...!
Yuuji: This cervix is bumpy... It's pretty good, in a different way from your vagina's folds.
Millie: Oh, ungh! Hagh, hahh... really...? Agh, hyugh! Ngh, hahh! My cervix feels good...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's the best.
Millie: Fwah! Agh, hah, ahhh...! I-I... I could just come after hearing that...!
Yuuji: If you're gonna come, then come from a dick.
Millie: Hyoohh! Oughh! Agh, hahn...! Ahhh! J-Jeanie, your dick's going in and out of my womb... Ahh! Agh! It's too much...!
Millie: Haghh, ngh, fugh...! Ooghnn! Agh! Hah! Your dick... it's messing my womb up..>! Ngh, ahhh! Jeanie, you're so rough! ♪
Yuuji: I haven't done anything, really. You're just tightening up.
Millie: Ahh, aghh! I-I love thiiiis...! Higghnhh! I love it when you force my womb open... fwagh, ahhh! With your diiiiick...!
Yuuji: Then I'll keep on fucking your cervix 'til you come.
Millie: Aghh, I'm so happy... Ngh, ahhh! Hagh, ahnn! ♪
Millie: Haghh... ngh, fwah! Ahhh! Ah, fughh! Hey, Jeanie...! Ngh, hah, ah... Could I ask a favor...?
Yuuji: What?
Millie: Ohh, nghh...! I said I wanted you to come loads inside me before we started having sex again, but... Nghah, ahh! Can you come straight into my womb...?
Yuuji: All right.
Millie: Ahh, aghh! hagh, ungh! Go on... Ngh, ohh! Ahh! Come lots, okay? I want my womb overflowing with semen...!
Yuuji: Like I said, I can't make any promises on quantity.
Millie: Nghh! Hagh, ahhh...! Look, you're supposed to say "okay" anyway...! Hyah! Agh, ahh! Ngh, ahhhh!
Millie: Agh, Ahhh! T-There...! Here it comes...! Haghh, hahh, oghhh! Jeanie, let's come together. Agghh! Ahhhh!
Millie: Hagh, ngh, ahhh! Hiyugh! Ngh, hahh! I-I'm... Aghh! Ahhhh! I'm... c-com... comiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnggg!!!!
Millie: Ooogghhhhnnnnnnnhhhhh!!!!!!
Millie: Ah, agh... hah, nnh, fugh, ohh... Wow... So this is what it's like to really getting ejaculated into...
Yuuji: Hmm, you seem pretty satisfied.
Millie: Hahhh... hahhh... Huh...? Sorry, did you say something...?
Yuuji: No, you reaction just now is enough of an answer for me.
Millie: Hey, uhh, sorry... My head's still spinning after coming thanks to my beloved Jeanie...
Yuuji: It's nothing. It was bound to happen anyway.
Millie: Hmm...? Okay...?
Yuuji: All right, let's go for another round.
Millie: ...Huh? One more...?
Yuuji: That's right.
Millie: But we've already done it twice, right?
Yuuji: That we have.
Millie: And you're gonna come one more time?
Yuuji: You seem to be puzzled. Two times is still easily within what I can manage.
Millie: Are you crazy!?
Millie: But that's awesome!
Yuuji: Now that I've warmed up, the real thing starts now.
Millie: Ahhh... Jeanie's finally accepted me... ♪
Yuuji: All right, I'm going now.
Millie: Come on! ♪ I can do it once more. Ten times. Even a hundred~! ♪
Narration: *Two hours later―*
Millie: Aghh...
Yuuji: Crap... Did I go too far?
Narration: *Thrice coming inside her. Twice outside. Twice on her breasts. Thrice on her face. Then once more on her breasts again. And then finally once more inside.*
Narration: *Midway through, my semen turned quite watery. I clearly ejaculated too much.*
Narration: *Her eyes cloud over, the light in them having completely vanished. She looks like she's gone through hell... but yeah, whatever.*
Yuuji: Hey, Milliela. I think it's about time we headed back, don't you?
Millie: Nghah...
Yuuji: Hey, can you hear me?
Millie: Nhahh...
Yuuji: Guess that's a no...
Yuuji: If I left her here, it'd be a pain when the semen dries and crusts over her, so I should at least clean her up.
Narration: *...Okay, that should do it.*
Narration: *I can't just carry her back to her room when she stinks of semen... I guess I'll just have to stand by for a while.*
Yuuji: Damn, I really should have brought a book...
Narration: *In the end, I successfully subjected Millie to a gruelling sex marathon.*
Narration: *But unfortunately, it didn't exactly scare her off.*
Milliela: Ahhhn!♪ Jeanie~! Let's have some crazy wild sex like last time~! ♪
Narration: *I underestimated her sluttiness... the woman's truly a force to be reckoned with.*

Principal: This is a serious matter!
Narration: *One day after having gotten used to life in Eden, Chizuru asserts herself while puffing her cheeks up, making her already round face all the more round.*
Yuuji: What's all this now?
Principal: A while's already passed since the New Mihama Academy was established, but just about everyone is still attending in their own clothes.
Yuuji: What's so strange about going to school in your own clothes?
Principal: That is true... But doesn't it feel wrong if they aren't wearing uniforms?
Yuuji: But won't they only suffer in this heat with uniforms like those...?
Narration: *The only one wearing a uniform as if nothing had happened is Yumiko.*
Narration: *Though in her case, she probably only does so because she can't be bothered to choose clothes.*
Principal: Well then, why don't we make uniforms for the New Mihama Academy?
Yuuji: Seeing as you're the head of the academy, I won't stop you... but who's going to make them?
Principal: My father knows a designer, so I can just leave it to them.
Yuuji: Leave it to... Where exactly does that designer live?
Principal: In Kyoto.
Yuuji: Stupid question, but how exactly do you plan on going there?
Principal: Hmm? Well, I'll fly to Japan, and then take a train. Why do you ask?
Yuuji: No, I just remembered about the "stupid middle schooler".
Principal: I'm not a middle schooler!
Yuuji: Hahhh... I don't want to deal with another stupid middle schooler hostage situation, so I'll be your bodyguard.
Principal: You know, I doubt I'll get myself into that situation again...
Yuuji: Prepare for the worst, as they say. I'm saying this because I'm worried about you! Just go along with it.
Principal: I-If you must insist, Kazami-kun, then... f-fine...
Narration: *And so, I'm flying with Chizuru to Kyoto, Japan.*
Narration: *After a five-hour flight via Guam, we arrive at Nagoya.*
Narration: *From there, we take about one and a half hours via bus and train to get to Kyoto.*
Narration: *The designer in question is apparently incredibly busy, so she was only able to secure an appointment with him late at night.*
Yuuji: Looks like we're going to have to kill a whole lot of time while in Kyoto.
Principal: Seeing as we're free now, why don't we look at the shrines?
Yuuji: Yes, it's a good chance. Let's go out on a date.
Principal: Eeehhhh!? A d-d-d-d-date!?
Yuuji: What, you don't want to go on a date with me?
Principal: W-Well, it's not that I don't...
Yuuji: Well then, it's settled.
Yuuji: I'll handle the date plan.
Principal: A-All right...
Principal: ...Ah, but we can't be dating as a teacher and student, you know? But I would like to go on a date... Oh dear, what now...? Hmmm...
Narration: *Chizuru began mumbling to herself about something, but I paid it no heed and started to come up with the itinerary for the date.*
Narration: *Once we arrive at Kyoto, Chizuru tells me to wait, and then heads off somewhere.*
Narration: *After waiting 30 minutes, Chizuru still hasn't come back.*
Narration: *Is the girls' toilet that crowded...?*
Narration: *No, wait... There's a chance that she was abducted after we separated...*
Principal: Kazami-kuuuuuuunnnnnn!
Narration: *As I'm pondering the various scenarios that could have unfolded, a sweetly saccharine voice calls to me from behind.*
Narration: *I relax, as the voice itself is one familiar to me... but when I turn around, I find a woman in a Mihama Academy uniform.*
Yuuji: ...Who the hell are you supposed to be?
Principal: Uh, wait, what? Isn't it obvious who I am?
Yuuji: Your voice sounds like Chizuru's... but she wasn't into cosplay...
Principal: I am Chizuru! The Tachibana Chizuru!
Yuuji: Something's fishy here...
Principal: I'm the real thing! Principal of Mihama Academy, Tachibana Chizuru herself!
Yuuji: If you're going to insist on it that much, then you'll need to prove your identity. When's your birthday?
Principal: May 20.
Yuuji: Blood type?
Principal: Type O.
Yuuji: Height and weight?
Principal: 157 cm... W-Weight... if possible, no comment.
Yuuji: How about your three sizes, then?
Principal: Huuuh!? Y-You're going to ask me that much...?
Yuuji: What, you don't know?
Principal: Ugh... From the top, 86-58-88...
Yuuji: Hmm...
Principal: Do you believe me now...?
Yuuji: Now that I think about it, I didn't actually know all that stuff about Chizuru anyway.
Principal: Then what was that for!? You gave me the third degree for nothing!
Yuuji: I was just joking.
Yuuji: Anyway, why are you wearing Mihama Academy's uniform?
Principal: Well... You know, a suit might cause all sorts of problems, right?
Yuuji: Problems?
Principal: For example... people might think we're having a forbidden relationship between teacher and student... or maybe... something like reverse-compensated dating...
Yuuji: No, uhh... even if you wear a suit, wouldn't people think it's a couple of students dating?
Principal: Oh you, of course not!
Yuuji: ...Well, if you insist, then I don't really mind...
Yuuji: Still, I'm surprised you managed to get your hands on a uniform. Have you owned it for a while to use for cosplay or something?
Principal: Of course not! I just thought the designer might want to see it as reference, so I borrowed it from Suou-san!
Yuuji: What, that's it?
Principal: Anyway... W-What do you think? Does it fit me?
Yuuji: Let me see... You're definitely looking more and more like a middle-schooler.
Principal: ...I'm going to change back.
Yuuji: It'll be a waste of time, that's fine as is. Come on, let's go.
Principal: Ah, wait, quit pulling! Not a middle schooler! I'm nooooooot!!!
Narration: *Though Chizuru was struggling about at first, her eyes begin to sparkle as we head towards a shrine for marriage, one of the stops she chose for our date.*
Principal: Two trees are tied to one! Literally tying the knot! This is great, just... so divine! Right? Right!?
Yuuji: Ahh, yeah.
Narration: *Our little "middle-schooler" goes around various marriage-related shrines with that same kind of energy.*
Principal: By the way, why is it all marriage-related shrines?
Yuuji: I thought you'd enjoy seeing them... Was I wrong?
Principal: I mean... I do want to see them, but... how did you know?
Yuuji: This is from a while back, but... back in the principal's office, there were these documents lying around. I was just waiting for you, and since I was bored, I ended up looking through them.
Principal: D-Don't tell me...
Yuuji: Only the marriage-related shrines were tagged, so I thought you really must want to go to them ― that thought just remained in the back of my head. 
Principal: I can't believe you were looking... how embarrassing...
Yuuji: By the way, Chizuru, why marriage-related shrines?
Principal: A-Are you really going to ask...?
Yuuji: No, I just thought it was strange.
Principal: Isn't it obvious...? Because I want... a lover...
Yuuji: ...Then shouldn't you be going to shrines for good relationships?
Principal: Hm? What do you mean?
Yuuji: What, you didn't know? The marriage-related shrines are for two lovers who wish to be bound together forever.
Principal: ...Eh?
Yuuji: A shrine for a good relationship is where single persons go to pray hoping to find a good partner.
Principal: Eeehhhh!? R-Really!?
Principal: T-Then... all the prayers from earlier were for...
Yuuji: Absolutely nothing, I supppose.
Principal: Haungh...
Yuuji: Or perhaps, you wishing to be together with me forever.
Principal: K-Kazami-kun and I... together... forever...
Principal: Ahhh... I can see a cheerful boy hugging me with a smile on his face...
Yuuji: Come back to earth, Chizuru.
Principal: Haahh!? I think I just had a nice dream...
Yuuji: It was exactly that, a dream. Forget about it.
Yuuji: So what now? Now that you know you've been going to the wrong places, will you go to the relationship-related shrines?
Principal: The moment I found out all the places we went to were wrong, a wave of fatigue just hit me... Let's rest somewhere for a moment...
Yuuji: Hmm... well then, there's a cafe in the shopping district just nearby. Let's head there.
Principal: This sure is a strange town.
Yuuji: Is it? There's certainly some peculiarities to it, but I don't know if it counts as strange.
Principal: But there's a hotel right behind the shrine. And look, there's another one just a block away from the shopping district.
Principal: There must be a lot of tourists, for them to build hotels in a place like this.
Yuuji: Chizuru, that's a love hotel.
Principal: Love―!?
Narration: *Perhaps Chizuru is just so taken aback at the truth of what I tell her, that she stands right at the very entrance to the alley lined with love hotels.*
Narration: *And she didn't just stand there, she even stared multiple times.*
Yuuji: ...If you're that curious, do you want to go and take a look?
Narration: *I ask Chizuru this, and remember what happened at the station.*
Narration: *I forgot that she went on and on about teacher-student relations being forbidden, and about compensated dating. *
Principal: T-Then... should we just take a look? Just quick peek.
Yuuji: ...We're really going?
Principal: I-I mean... I might never have the chance again...
Yuuji: No, that's not the problem here...
Principal: Then what is the problem?
Yuuji: E-Ethics...
Principal: Ethics...?
Yuuji: ...No, never mind.
Narration: *Well, if Chizuru doesn't mind... or rather, doesn't remember, then whatever.*
Yuuji: All right, let's go.
Principal: Yes, let's...
Narration: *We enter the alley parallel to the shopping district and head towards the love hotel.*
Principal: W-What... in the...?
Narration: *We go inside the love hotel and Chizuru tilts her head at the array of panels displaying various rooms.*
Yuuji: As you can see, they're showing the different kinds of rooms. Choose whichever one you want from any of the lit ones.
Principal: Eh? Huh? Choose? Me?
Yuuji: If you don't want to, then I'll choose... Your call.
Principal: E-Everything's a learning experience... Wait, no! I'm the adult, I should pick here.
Narration: *A little too late to be acting the adult, methinks.*
Narration: *So I think to myself, as Chizuru assertively presses the panels for one of the rooms. While her eyes are shut.*
Narration: *We end up with a perfectly orthodox room; we take the key that comes out.*
Yuuji: All right, let's go.
Principal: Ah, yeah.
Narration: *Riding the elevator to the third floor, we get off and double-check the room number before heading in.*
Principal: O-Oh... so this is the legendary love hotel...
Narration: *Her curiosity piqued by her very first love hotel, Chizuru turns her head around back and forth multiple times.*
Narration: *Apart from the bed being circular, it feels like a perfectly normal hotel... Is it really that strange?*
Principal: ...What's this switch for?
Principal: K-Kazami-kun! The bed! It's lighting up!
Yuuji: There's just LEDs under the bed... Is it really that interesting...?
Principal: Oh...? It all feels so fresh and new...
Yuuji: Chizuru, you're tired from all the walking, right? How about something to drink?
Principal: Ah, yes. Something to drink while relaxing and watching the TV would be nice.
Narration: *She sits down on the bed as she replies, grabbing the remote by her side and turning the TV on.*
Adult Actress: Yah... your dick, give me more... Just fuck my brains out...
Principal: Nyowahh!?
Yuuji: You're overreacting, Chizuru...
Principal: Ahhh!? Where'd the remote go!? It vanished while I was panicking!
Adult Actress: Fwahh! ♪ Hagh, ahnn! ♪ There's the dick...! ♪ Pound my pussy with your dick some more...
Principal: Wha―? Stop! No! Don't look!
Yuuji: Fine, fine.
Narration: *I evade Chizuru's arms as she wildly flails about in an attempt to conceal the screen, and press the power button on the TV itself.*
Principal: Haahhh... Goodness, I'm sweating for the wrong reasons.
Yuuji: Well then, would you like to wash off your sweat?
Principal: !?
Principal: A-Are you seducing me...? Am I being seduced...?
Narration: *Jumping to conclusions now, are we...? *
Narration: *Is this what happens when you tease a virgin...?*
Yuuji: You sound as if you have no problem doing the deed with me... Are you really okay with that, Chizuru?
Principal: Well, I mean... at this point, I really want to graduate from virginity... but on the other hand, at this point, I also want to save it for when I meet the man I'm destined for...
Yuuji: Then in that case, wouldn't saving it be better? There aren't that many who don't like that in a girl.
Principal: Ummm... Well, now that I think about it, it feels like taking either option will end up with the same result...
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Principal: For the former... I mean, if I want to graduate from virginity, Kazami-kun is just about the only man anywhere near me...
Principal: And as someone who I owe my life to... I think you could say that we were destined.
Yuuji: I already said this before, but my saving you was entirely a coincidence; if my superiors didn't order me to―
Principal: But the truth of the matter is that you saved me, right?
Yuuji: Well... I suppose so...
Principal: In fact, seeing you constantly deny the fact makes me think that you hate me or something...
Yuuji: Don't worry, that's not at all true. I like you, Chizuru.
Principal: ―!?
Yuuji: If you want to give me your virginity, then that makes me happy. But are you sure about giving it to me, after having protected it all this time? Maybe you're just getting emotional?
Principal: ...Kazami-kun, I'm an adult now. Nearing my thirties. No matter what happens, I won't regret the decisions I make.
Yuuji: I see.
Yuuji: But I'm going to ask you one last time: are you really sure?
Principal: This is getting annoying, Kazami-kun. Don't underestimate a woman's resolve.
Yuuji: All right.
Narration: *Chizuru is unusually mature, as I place my hands on her shoulders and gently push her down on the bed.*
Narration: *Her eyes dart back and forth restlessly, as if she doesn't know where to look.*
Yuuji: Chizuru, I'm taking your clothes off.
Principal: O-Okay...
Narration: *First, I unbutton her top button by button, then place my hand on her blouse.*
Narration: *Her chest rises and falls with each breath she takes, while I unbutton the blouse.*
Narration: *Her lingerie is now exposed, with her navel just barely visible. At this moment, she grabs my arm.*
Yuuji: What?
Principal: Uh, umm... this is really embarrassing, so... can we just leave it this way?
Yuuji: If that's what you say, then I'll only go this far.
Principal: T-Thank you...
Narration: *I move back and spread Chizuru's legs apart as I bring my face closer to her groin.*
Principal: Eh... Ehhh!? You just started stripping my top and you're already starting from there!?
Yuuji: You're a virgin, so I thought I needed to be thorough in getting you ready... Should I have started from your breasts instead?
Principal: Ahh, ugh... I-If that's what you were going for then... okay... please go ahead...
Yuuji: All right...
Principal: ...!
Narration: *I trace a finger across her fresh, new panties, causing her to tremble slightly.*
Narration: *Chizuru's body is very tense, perhaps from the anxiety of having a man touch her.*
Narration: *I need to reassure her through actions, not words. I barely trace my fingertips across Chizuru's underwear.*
Principal: Nn... Fuh... Hah, ahh...
Narration: *Because I'm touching her panties so gently, Chizuru lets out a chuckle, like she's being tickled.*
Narration: *I match my finger's movements to her breathing, slowly bringing it to her slit.*
Principal: Uh, umm, Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: What?
Principal: I've been wondering this whole time but uhh, do we really just keep quiet the whole time we're doing this...?
Yuuji: I don't mind either way... Do you prefer to talk?
Principal: I'm not sure what we're supposed to be talking about... but I'm going to just feel helpless if I don't do something... so if you could talk to me a bit, it'd help me calm down... maybe...
Yuuji: All right.
Narration: *While nodding as I reply, I also rub Chizuru's thighs.*
Principal: Hyagh! K-Kazami-kun...?
Yuuji: Your thighs are so soft, they feel excellent...
Principal: Hah, ah... nhh... Having my thighs touched... ahh, ngh... tickles...
Yuuji: I see... Well then, I'll touch somewhere else...
Principal: Ahh, fuhh... ngh... ugh, now you're just touching the outer sides of my thighs...
Principal: Hahh... ah, ngh... Kazami-kun... do you have a fetish for thighs...?
Yuuji: I don't recognize it as a fetish... but who knows? At the very least, I'm not averse to them.
Narration: *I speak with Chizuru to divert her attention while I gently feel around to find her slit.*
Principal: Ngh... Hah, fuh... hahh... Ngh... ahh... K-Kazami-kun... there...
Narration: *Chizuru's voice falters in bashfulness, her body fidgeting somewhat.*
Narration: *Was I a bit too quick...?*
Principal: Ah...
Narration: *I slide my finger to the side, away from her slit; Chizuru moans slightly and closes her legs.*
Narration: *My hand ends up pressed in between her legs, my fingertip back against her slit.*
Principal: Ngh... ahh... hahh...
Narration: *She's probably feeling embarrassed... but not entirely against it.*
Narration: *So as not to surprise her, I only press against her slowly, until it digs into her slit.*
Principal: Hih... ngh! Hagh... ahh... agh... Your finger is... Mmhh... Rubbing me...
Yuuji: It doesn't hurt?
Principal: Ahh, fuhh... ngh... it's making me... feel so fuzzy... fuhh, hahh... agh... It doesn't hurt at all... agh... ngh...
Yuuji: I see. That's good to know.
Narration: *At this rate, it looks like I can be a little more aggressive.*
Narration: *I make my finger's movements smaller, gently rubbing her, focusing particularly on her vaginal opening.*
Principal: Fuh, agh... Ahh... Haghh... Kazami-kun's finger is... Ngh... Pressing against me while he's stroking me...
Principal: Hahnn... Fuhh... He's being so aggressive... hahh... but I can feel the warmth of his finger... It almost feels tender...
Yuuji: Does it feel uncomfortable? Like you can't relax?
Principal: Ahh, nnh... Nghh... No... ah, ahh... Not at all...
Yuuji: I see. Then I'll keep going.
Principal: Hahh... Sure... Hah, ngh... agh... ahh... afuh... My body's getting warm... Ngh! Like Kazami-kun's finger...
Yuuji: Then this part should also start getting warm soon.
Principal: Nghh! Ahh, agh... D-Don't surprise me like that... Hahh... Pushing against me so hard out of nowhere...
Yuuji: I'm going to stroke it a little harder now.
Principal: Hah, ngh... No point telling me that― Nghh! Agh... ahh... You're applying so much pressing while you rub me... Mmhh, ahhhh...
Principal: Agh... fuh, ahh... hahh... hahh... My body is... starting to get hot... Ngh... ahh... Aghh...
Yuuji: ...Your underwear is starting to get wet.
Principal: ―!?
Narration: *It's just a small blot, but there's certainly some warmth in there.*
Narration: *Whenever her opening quivers a bit, the blot slightly grows in size.*
Yuuji: I'll take your underwear off, Chizuru. Mind lifting your hips for me?
Principal: Whaaat!? I-If you do that, then... you'll see m-my...
Yuuji: Look, if you leave them on, they're just going to get even wetter. Might not be able to dry them out before we leave.
Yuuji: And if that happens... you'll have to go with your panties soaked, or without panties at all.
Principal: Ah... Ugh. That would be a problem...
Narration: *Chizuru blushes, embarrassed. But perhaps having made up her mind, she raises her hips up slightly.*
Narration: *I place my fingers upon Chizuru's panties and slowly pull them down.*
Narration: *I remove the panties from her right leg, and bring my face closer to her slit, already covered in moisture.*
Principal: Wha―!?
Yuuji: Mmph!
Narration: *On reflex, Chizuru closes her legs, perhaps out of embarrassment.*
Narration: *Because my face is in between her legs, it suddenly gets trapped in between them.*
Narration: *I place my hands firmly against her sweaty legs and spread them apart just enough that there is a gap between my head and her inner thighs.*
Principal: K-Kazami-kun... Don't spread my legs apart...
Yuuji: Relax, I won't go further than this.
Principal: I-It's embarrassing... Don't look...
Yuuji: Again with that...
Principal: B-But... It really is embarrassing...
Yuuji: It's your first time ― I understand that you'd feel that way, but it's beautiful, I assure you.
Principal: R-Really...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Thin labia, which make her look even younger than her face does.*
Narration: *When I spread her vaginal opening, I can see her maidenly light pink insides.*
Principal: ~~! D-Don't spread... uh, ughh...
Narration: *I catch a whiff of a slightly sweet smell, different from the perfume she uses.*
Narration: *Taking care not to be too aggressive... I lick her slit gently.*
Principal: Hyah! K-Kazami-kun!?
Narration: *I begin to move my tongue around, tickling her slit, while Chizuru yelps in surprise.*
Principal: Nghh! D-Don't... Hahh, ngh... Kazami-kun... that's... dirty...
Yuuji: Don't be stupid. There isn't a single inch of you that's dirty.
Principal: E-Even I'm just a human... Hyah! Ah, aghh... T-That's... Nghh! Where my pee― ahh, nha...
Narration: *Admittedly, despite being incredibly gentle, touching a virgin's urethra is definitely going too far, as Chizuru tenses up greatly.*
Narration: *I quickly slide my tongue up, towards her clitoris still hidden by her hood.*
Principal: Hagh... hahh... hahhh...
Narration: *After making sure Chizuru has eased up on the tension, I twiddle with her clit through her hood.*
Principal: Agh... hagh... nhh, nghh... Kazami-kun... Ah, ahh... That feels... weird...
Yuuji: In a bad way? I can stop if you want.
Principal: Hahh... ah, fuh... ngh... No... It's not bad... Ngh, hahh... it's making me feel all fuzzy...
Narration: *Fuzzy, eh...?*
Narration: *Her body is probably puzzled at a kind of pleasure that she isn't used to.*
Narration: *Perhaps I should intensify the stimulation so that she realizes it's actually pleasure?*
Principal: Hyagh! Agh... ahh... fhuh, mnnh... K-Kazami-kun... why are you sucking on that spot...?
Yuuji: Because I want to pleasure you even more.
Narration: *I continue to scrape my tongue against her hood, now moist from my saliva, slowly exposing Chizuru's clitoris.*
Principal: Agh...! Ahhh... Hahh, nnhhh...!
Narration: *Deliberately not touching it for now, I rub all around it and against its hood with my saliva-drenched finger.*
Principal: Fwahh... Afuh, nngh... Hah, hahh... Kazami-kun, your tongue... feels so hot.. Ahhh...
Yuuji: Really? Your body feels hotter to me...
Principal: Hiihh, nhh... ah, agh... hagh, nghh... Kazami-kun's saliva is... afuh, nh... dripping down to my butt...
Yuuji: Ahh, sorry... *suck*...
Principal: Fughh, agh... ahhh... Y-You're kissing me... Nngghhh!
Yuuji: Do you want me to do it elsewhere too? I might as well.
Principal: Hagh... hahhh... haahh... Else... where...?
Yuuji: Yeah... *slurp*...
Principal: Fwagh! Agh, nnhh...! Ah, agh... You're sucking on me...? Hihh, ahh... nnguhh...!
Narration: *When I use my lips to part her vaginal opening, a small amount of love juice drips out, which I slurp up, causing Chizuru to shiver, grasping at the bedsheets.*
Narration: *Seeing her reaction makes me want to tease her, but also pleasure her even further.*
Yuuji: Chizuru, I'm going to go a little rough. 
Principal: Huh...? What'll you―
Principal: Hyagh! Aaghh! Fwahh! Aghh!
Narration: *Just by tickling her clitoris with my tongue, Chizuru begins to gasp for breath while arcing her entire body off the bed.*
Narration: *I take care not to cause her pain by overstimulating her as I continue to attack her clitoris.*
Principal: Aghh...! Hagh, ahhh! W-What is this...? Aghh! It's like a jolt shot up my spine... Hyah! My mind just blanked out for a moment...!
Yuuji: You've gotten pretty wet.
Principal: Ngh! Aagh! Ahh! Wet...? What...? Fwah! Ahhh!
Narration: *Before insertion, I'd normally put a finger in to kind of get the opening used to it, but whenever Chizuru feels pleasure, her body shakes and her legs try to close, so I can't use my hand.*
Narration: *No other choice, I'll have to focus on the clit.*
Principal: Hyah! Agh, ahhhh...! Y-You're sucking it again... hyah! Aghh! A-And now you're licking... Hyuhh! Sucking aga― Aaghhh...!
Yuuji: Just a little more and I should be able to peel it back.
Principal: Aaah! Hihh, nghh...! Peel...? Aahh! Agh, kuh, nghh...!
Narration: *Every time I suck on her clitoris, wet from my saliva, it slowly peels back.*
Narration: *Initially, it would only peek out a little bit, but now the clitoris, swollen, is clearly peeled back.*
Narration: *I roll her clit around, slowly increasing the pleasure that Chizuru feels.*
Principal: Haahhh, agh, ahhh... I feel so... hot... Hyah! Agh... so hot that I could just melt...
Yuuji: You sure are sensitive, Chizuru.
Principal: Nnhhh! Hagh, hahh... N-No... Ahh, hiughh! I'm not sensitive... Anghh! You're just so good...!
Yuuji: Hmm... Let's leave it at that, then.
Principal: Hagh... Hahh... "Leave it at that"...? Fwahhh! Hagh, aghhh, ahh! D-Don't press against it with your lips... Hyanhh!
Yuuji: Should I use my tongue then...?
Principal: Ahhh! Aghh! Ngh, ahhh...! Don't lick it like tha― Annhh! Agh!
Yuuji: Quit moving, Chizuru... it makes it harder to lick you...
Narration: *Chizuru quivers, arcing her body upwards. I pin her down so that she can't move, while licking upwards against her clitoris.*
Principal: Hyagh! Hagh! Ahhh! Hah, ngh! He's licking me there...! So much...! Hyah, ahhhh...!
Narration: *Not minding the love juices now dripping down my chin, I continue to lick Chizuru's clitoris.*
Principal: Agh! Ahhh! Hihh, nghh...! K-Kazami-kun... Ahh, hagh... I can't... no more...!
Yuuji: Looks like you're about to come.
Principal: Hyah! Aghh! Haghh, hahh... Y-Yes... Ngh, ahhh! I think so...!
Yuuji: Then go ahead and come.
Principal: Fwah!? Ahh! Hagh... ngh! You're rolling it around with your lips while you lick it...!?
Principal: Haghh, ahhh, aghhh! Ahh! Ah! It's too much for me... Ahhh! I'm going crazy... Aghhhh!
Principal: Aghhh! Agh, ahhh! Hahh, nnhh! Aghah! Ahhh! Hyahhh...! Aaaaaagghhhhhhhh!!!!!!
Narration: *Drenched in sweat, she slips from my grip. Her hips practically jump off the bed as she convulses, reaching climax.*
Principal: Hahh, haghh, hah, ngh, hah, hahh...!
Yuuji: Chizuru, are you all right...?
Principal: Haghh... hah, hahhh... Not very, nghh! I think... 
Principal: Nhh... Hahhh, my body feels like it's floating... But I can't seem to move... It's my body, but also not... 
Yuuji: What... you've never pleasured yourself before?
Principal: Y-You sure can say some crazy things with a straight face...
Yuuji: You don't have to answer if you don't want to.
Principal: When it comes to you, I need to make it black and white, or else you'll have another "misunderstanding"... I'll tell you...
Narration: *I'm not misunderstanding anything ― it's just that I enjoy teasing Chizuru. But well, let's not nitpick here.*
Principal: I barely... do it myself...
Yuuji: I see.
Principal: When I was a student, I devoted myself to studies... and since becoming a teacher, I was so preoccupied with getting better...
Yuuji: Leading you to this point.
Principal: Yes...
Yuuji: Well then, I need to be grateful for how seriously you've lived your life.
Principal: Huh...? Why...?
Yuuji: If not for that serious lifestyle you've had, then I wouldn't be able to take your first time like this.
Principal: Ah...
Narration: *Chizuru blushes and turns her hips away.*
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Principal: ...What?
Yuuji: Can I... take your first?
Principal: Of course.
Narration: *I unbuckle my belt and take my pants off, then spread her legs apart and go in between them.*
Principal: So... big...
Narration: *Chizuru mutters, with a mix of both surprise and unease.*
Narration: *I take my tip and rub it against her still-quivering vaginal opening to let her get used to the sensation.*
Yuuji: Chizuru... I'm going in.
Principal: ...All right.
Narration: *Perhaps out of nervousness, she stiffens up. Her opening contracts tightly.*
Narration: *Telling her beforehand was a mistake...*
Narration: *So I think to myself, but now that Chizuru's already expecting it, doing something else will only make her even more nervous.*
Narration: *I spread her legs wider open to make it even just a little easier to put it in... and slowly penetrate her.*
Principal: Nh, kuh... fuh... hagh... ah, aghh... Hahh, nghh!!!
Narration: *As I break through her hymen, Chizuru clutches the sheets.*
Narration: *Since I just made her climax, I figured her insides would be well-lubricated by now... but it's not easy going. The walls of her pussy press back against me.*
Narration: *Unable to go any further, I end up stopping only halfway inside her.*
Yuuji: Chizuru, are you okay?
Principal: Not... very...
Narration: *Her vagina has the tightness only virgins have, but also the moist stickiness of an adult woman's.*
Narration: *The combination of the two feels amazingly good; as her pussy rubs against me, I just can't help but want to pound her.*
Narration: *But I can't just make her bear the brunt of the pain, as she was just a virgin... I decide to change my approach.*
Narration: *I move only the upper half of my penis while grabbing onto her breasts.*
Principal: Ngh, afuhh... Kazami-kun...?
Yuuji: Chizuru, your breasts are really soft.
Principal: Agh... hahh... nhh, nghh... Huh? Uhh... you won't move...?
Yuuji: When I see a pair of breasts this beautiful, I can't just leave them alone.
Principal: ...Thanks...
Yuuji: Considering I'm the one squeezing your breasts, I think I ought to be the one saying thanks.
Narration: *Considering her age, she's pretty sensitive about this...*
Principal: Fuhh, ahh... Agh... K-Kazami-kun... mm, nhh... do you like breasts...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Principal: Hahh... Ngh... ahh, aghh... T-Then what do you think... hagh, nhh... of my breasts...?
Yuuji: I think they're great.
Yuuji: Big and full, soft... and the nipples are erect so it's really erotic.
Principal: Hyah!
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *Just brushing against her nipples makes her tighten up.*
Narration: *But then, there wouldn't be any point in not moving, so I fondle her breasts without contacting her nipples.*
Principal: Agh, hagh... Ahh, hahh... nhh, ahh... Agh...
Narration: *When I brush my fingers gently across her areola, her nipples become even stiffer despite not getting any stimulation.*
Narration: *Still, I avoid touching her nipples, and only focus on her soft breasts and light pink areolas.*
Principal: Hahh... hagh, aghh... ngh... I-I'm... feeling... ahh, nnhh... really hot again...
Yuuji: It's not just your body, but your vagina now.
Principal: ―! Hahh, ngh... So you say but... ngh, ahh... I wouldn't know...
Yuuji: Maybe the more I fondle your breasts, the hotter you get?
Principal: ―! No...! This is embarrassing...!
Yuuji: And you're getting even wetter... And you're tightening up so much, like you're sucking on me.
Principal: N-No way...
Yuuji: No point in me lying about this.
Narration: *There's a bit more room inside her now. Maybe she's gotten used to my penis being inside after I stopped moving.*
Narration: *It should be fine now...*
Narration: *I get my bearings once again, and begin to move.*
Principal: Hiigh, agh... Ahhh... You're... scraping my insides... Nnnghhh!
Narration: *The moment I start moving, she tightens up again, but I still manage to move smoothly because of how wet she is.*
Narration: *But she still seems to be nervous of having someone inside her, since Chizuru furrows her brows and squirms about.*
Narration: *I try to get her used to it more quickly by groping her breasts even more aggressively while speeding up my pace.*
Principal: Aaghh... Hagh... nhh, fuhh... Kazami-kun... You're squeezing down on my breasts so hard... haahh... that you might change their shape... Agh... ahh...
Yuuji: Looks like your breasts are pretty damn sensitive... you've been dripping wet this whole time.
Principal: ―! T-That's...
Yuuji: See? Every time I move, I can hear you making these really dirty sounds.
Principal: Hyuhh! Ngh, haagh... agh, ahh... You're... churning my insides... hyahh, aghh...!
Yuuji: Seems like you can feel the insides now too.
Principal: Agh, ahh... Hahh... Every place you rub against... ahh... feels so hot...
Narration: *Despite being a virgin, since Chizuru's body is already mature, she gets used to it much faster than expected.*
Narration: *At this point, it should be fine now.*
Narration: *I continue to thrust at an angle, pressing forward into Chizuru's now hot vagina.*
Principal: Hyagh! Agh, hahh! Aaghh... K-Kazami-kun... Don't be so rough...
Yuuji: Why not?
Principal: Hagh, ahh... Agh, ngh! B-Beecause... fwah, agh... Every time you move, it makes such a dirty sound... I could die of embarrassment... Aaghh!
Yuuji: Then I'll go even deeper to minimize the sounds.
Principal: Fuh, hah, aaahhhhh...! W-What the...? Your penis is going further inside me...!
Narration: *The back of her vagina isn't used to it yet, and clenches down, as if constricting the tip of my penis.*
Narration: *Though I have managed to go in deeper, any further might end up hurting her, so I decide to stop here.*
Principal: Hyagh, aahhh... hahh, nghhh! Ahhh... T-There... When you scrape against me... hyugh... nghh... it feels weird...
Yuuji: How so?
Principal: Agh, fwah, aahhh...! When you rub me there... ahnn! I moan and my body gets even hotter...!
Yuuji: Then that's not weird at all ― you're just feeling it, right...?
Principal: Nghh, fwah, aaghh... B-But... Ahh, ngh... it feels different from when I was getting licked... Aghh! Ahhh!
Yuuji: Of course. I'm stimulating you in a different way, and in a different place.
Principal: Aahhh, agh... I know what you mean but... Ngh! Ah, aghh... This is my first time having sex, I wouldn't know any better...
Yuuji: Well then, I'd better put some effort into this so you can.
Principal: Hyagh! Agh, hahhh! You're moving your hips faster... aghh, ahh... I'm getting pounded so hard...!
Narration: *Every time I move, Chizuru's insides tighten up on me over and over; I can very clearly feel her folds as they quiver.*
Yuuji: Chizuru, can you hear? You're making those dirty sounds again.
Principal: ―! Fugh, aghhh...! I-I just said― Ngh! Hahh... it's embarrassing... Agh, ahhh... Don't bully me like this...
Yuuji: Sorry, your expression's so cute that I just can't help it.
Principal: Nnghh...! Enough of that... T-That's not fair... Hyagh, ahhh!
Narration: *Chizuru's vagina softens up, perhaps her last ounce of anxiety fading away.*
Narration: *Even then, I refrain from pressing further in. I stay in the same place, to give Chizuru an idea of the pleasure there.*
Principal: Fwahh! Agh, ahhh... hagh, ahn! Ahhh... A-Again, you're moving your hips so fast... Hyaghhh...!
Principal: Haghh, ahhh... Agh... K-Kazami-kun, stop... hyuhh, nghh... Stop...!
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Narration: *I slow down my movement and ask Chizuru.*
Principal: Agh, fuhh... nn, hahh, ahh... If you keep going, then... I'm going to come again...
Yuuji: What, is that all? Just go ahead and come, then.
Narration: *I speed up my thrusting again, getting even more aggressive.*
Principal: Ahnn! Agh, hagh, ahhh...! N-No...! Hyah! Aagh... O-Only I'm coming...? That's not fair...
Yuuji: Relax, I'm about to come too.
Principal: Haghh, ngh, ahh... R-Really...?
Yuuji: I'm having sex with you, Chizuru. Of course I would.
Principal: Agh, fuh, ngh...! T-That's great... Ah, aghh... hyagh... W-What the...?
Yuuji: What...?
Principal: Aahh! Agh! After I find out that it feels good for you... it's like it all became so much more pleasurable... Hagh, ahnn! Aghh!
Yuuji: Seems like you're about to come then.
Principal: Agh! Hagh, Ah, ahn! I was holding back until you'd come, but... Ahhh! I just don't how know I can hold this back... Agh, ahhh!
Principal: Nghh! Agh, hah, aghh! N-No! Ahhh! I can't! I can't come...! Hyahh! Agh, aahhh! I can't, but...!
Principal: Ahh! Agh! Aaahhh! I can't hold back...! Aahhh! Aaaagghhhhhhhhh!!!!!
Yuuji: Kuhh!
Narration: *Her moist insides tighten up as they shiver, and soon after, I climax myself.*
Principal: Hyahh! Aahhh! Your thing is jumping around inside me... Unghh...!
Principal: Agh, ahhh... It's so hot... inside... Hagh, nghh... aahhhhh...!
Narration: *Chizuru squeezes so much semen out of me that it can't fit inside her, and a fair amount flows out.*
Principal: Ahh, aghh... Kazami-kun's... is still shooting...
Narration: *The semen dribbles down, past her butt, and drips off.*
Narration: *I sure came a lot...*
Principal: Hagh... hah... hagh... ngh... haahhh...
Yuuji: Chizuru, are you all right...?
Principal: My mind's still just pure white... Ngh... And I can't seem to move...
Principal: How about you? Are you okay?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm fine.
Narration: *After my affirmation, Chizuru blushes for some reason.*
Principal: Umm... Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: What?
Principal: Since you've only come once... D-Do you want to... do it again?
Yuuji: I don't have any reason to say no... but are you okay with that? You just climaxed. We can do it after taking a break.
Principal: Your penis is still this big... You don't have to hold back, now is fine.
Principal: No, I want to do it now.
Yuuji: I see. Then I'm not going to hold back.
Principal: Ehh―?
Narration: *I pound my hips against her, going deeper than I had earlier, all the way inside.*
Principal: Fwahh! Agh, haahhn...!!
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *It's packed full of both love juice and semen, and so it goes in nicely and easily, until the tip hits her cervix.*
Narration: *Chizuru drowns in pleasure; the back of her vagina feels incredibly good, and I naturally end up minimizing my movements, instead stimulating the entrance of her womb.*
Principal: Nnhh! Aahhh! Hagh, ahhh! Ngh, hahh, ahhh...! S-Something's poking at my insides... Aaghhh! Is that you...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Principal: Hiihh, nnhh...! I can't believe we're connected this deep... Wow... Ahnn! Ahh! Aghh!
Narration: *Chizuru's insides clench down on me as they quiver. Maybe she's still sensitive, or maybe she feels it more when stimulated deep inside.*
Narration: *The tightness that virgins usually possess vanishes as it envelops my penis, while I continue to thrust countless times deep into her.*
Principal: Fwahh! Agh, ngh, hahh! Aghh! Kazami-kun, your penis is hitting me inside... Anhh! The part just below my stomach is getting so hot...!
Narration: *Maybe... her womb itself is feeling pleasure?*
Narration: *At her age, it's about time to consider pregnancy. Maybe it's instinctively seeking me out?*
Narration: *I continue to pound her hard, stimulating her cervix.*
Principal: Hyahh...! Aghh...! Hagh, ahhh...!
Narration: *Chizuru comes slightly, squirting out a little, but I continue to thrust into her. *
Principal: Hagh, ahhh! Hiihh, nnn...! Aahhh! K-Kazami-kun, if you pound me that hard, I-I'm going to break...!
Yuuji: But if I pull out, your insides start to tighten up. Isn't this better?
Principal: Ngh! Kuh... hah, haagh! I-I'm not doing it... Hyah! Agh! Aaahh!
Yuuji: Then your body's probably doing it on reflex.
Principal: Haagh... Ngh, ahhh...! M-my body... Ahn! Aaghhh! Wants Kazami-kun...?
Yuuji: I'm sure that's the case.
Principal: Fwahh! Agh, hahhh! A-Again, so rough... Hyah, aanggh!
Principal: Hagh, aahhh! Agh! My body must be signaling to you that it wants you to go even rougher... Nngh, aahhh...!
Yuuji: Who knows?
Principal: Hyagh! Agh, ahh! Haghh, hahh...! Ngh, ahhh! I-I'm going to break...! Hihh, nghh...!
Yuuji: Well, I'd better make you come before that happens.
Principal: Hahh, agh, annh! Hagh, hahhh...! Kazami-kun, your penis is hitting me... hyah! Ahh! My stomach is... getting hot again...!
Principal: Ahh! Hagh, ahh! Agh! Ahh! I-I'm melting...! Not just my stomach, my entire body is...!
Yuuji: Go on then. Come for me.
Principal: Hyah! Aghh, hahh! Aaghh! Kazami-kun... you too... ngh, hah! Ahh! Come with me...! Ahhh! Aaghhhh...!
Yuuji: Yeah.
Principal: Nnnhh! Hahh, hagh, aahhh! Aahh! Agh! Ahhh! Aaaagghhhhhhhhhh!!!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *Chizuru bends backward, her shoulder digging into the bed. I climax at the same time.*
Principal: Hyahh! Aaghh! Ahh! Semen... Fwahh, aghhh! So hot, inside me... aaahhhhh...!
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *Chizuru's vagina constricts, squeezing the semen out of me.*
Principal: Hagh, hahh... ngh, aghhh... M-My body... feels weird... Ngh...
Yuuji: Are you okay...?
Principal: Ah, fuh... nnghh... Not very... Just breathing... feels so good... ngh, haghh...
Narration: *She's gotten pretty sensitive.*
Yuuji: Don't worry. Your body just isn't used to the pleasure. It'll calm down soon enough.
Principal: Haghh... Ngh, hahh... So you say, but... I haven't even done anything, and my body still feels so much pleasure...
Narration: *Chizuru says this, her body trembling, with an expression that resembles both a girl's and a woman's.*
Narration: *Seeing that expression would make me want to do it once more... but any more than this would definitely turn Kaori mad. *
Narration: *Well, it's not like it's a one night stand between us. We can save it for later.*
Principal: K-Kazami-kun... help me out, like you did before...
Yuuji: Waiting's the only thing you can do to calm down. What do you want me to do...?
Narration: *In the end, Chizuru managed to relax once our time ran out, but her hips had completely given up and I had to carry her out of the hotel.*
Principal: Um, Kazami-kun... Sorry...
Yuuji: There's nothing for you to apologize for, though...
Principal: There is...
Yuuji: You're not heavy either. Relax.
Principal: ...We're a good distance from the love hotel now. We can just call a taxi, if you want.
Yuuji: Do you really not want me to carry you or something?
Principal: That's not it...
Yuuji: ...Oh, is it already time for the appointment?
Principal: No, it's still some time from now.
Yuuji: Well then, this is fine. 
Yuuji: It's not often that the two of us can be alone like this. And there's no need to hurry.
Principal: Do you mean... you want to be with me more...?
Yuuji: Don't ask me that ― you're already an adult woman, right? You can figure that out yourself.
Principal: Don't bring age into this ― I want you to tell me straight.
Principal: So... how is it?
Yuuji: It's exactly as you said.
Principal: Mmmghh... Not a very good answer...
Yuuji: I want to be with you longer, so I'm walking us back instead of taking a taxi.
Principal: Ahh― uhh...
Yuuji: Hey, don't start getting embarrassed when you're the one who made me say it.
Principal: W-When you say it for real... it just is so embarrassing... I can't help it...
Yuuji: Well, that's just how it is. Don't mind it.
Principal: Yes, thanks...
Narration: *Chizuru replies meekly, and rests her body against mine.*
Narration: *Her sizeable chest is pressed against mine, and I can feel her heart beating quickly.*
Narration: *As I walk along, quietly enjoying that pleasant sensation, I take care to choose roads where few people are to minimize the embarrassment Chizuru feels.*
Principal: Hey, Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: What...?
Principal: You know... You might think this is awfully childish for me to say, but...
Yuuji: Hmm?
Principal: I love you.

Mom: This is the house you and I are going to live in from now on, Yuuji...
Narration: *I wanted privacy, but renting a detached house was a real financial stretch. The place I found hasn't been inhabited in years; it's as desolate and dusty as a haunted house. There isn't even a flush toilet.*
Narration: *In itself, it isn't exactly the most pleasant place you could call home, but...*
Narration: *The only thing that really matters is that Yuuji and I have it to ourselves.*
Narration: *That man isn't here. It's enough to make even a shabby house feel like paradise.*
Narration: *I had my name removed from our old certificate of residence and appealed to have our change of address information restricted given my status as a victim of domestic violence.*
Narration: *After explaining the circumstances to the local school, I handled the procedures for Yuuji's transfer as well.*
Narration: *After a week spent sighing at my rapidly thinning wallet, I finally steeled myself to go out and find employment.*
Narration: *My days are spent working part-time at a canning factory; my nights as a hostess in a snack bar near the station. It's grueling, but I need the money to support Yuuji.*
Narration: *My son is all I have left now...*
Mom: I'll do my best until you grow up and head out on your own... You don't have to worry about a thing, all right...?
Narration: *I don't want Yuuji to suffer the same hardships that I did.*
Narration: *I was orphaned so young that my education effectively ended before I left middle school... and my life afterwards was a difficult one.*
Narration: *And now, I'm throwing myself desperately into my work, trying to keep my son safe from hardship.*
Narration: *In the mornings, we leave the house together.*
Narration: *As I walk alongside my son, pushing the beat-up old bicycle I bought used, our neighbors stare with undisguised hostility and whisper to each other.*
Narration: *"The woman who ran away from the city to ditch her husband."*
Narration: *That's the only name they know me by in this insular little town. When someone says "that woman" in our neighborhood, there's no mistaking who they meant.*
Mom: Good morning...
Narration: *When I greet them, there's no response.*
Narration: *But once we pass by, we can hear whispers from behind our backs: "What was that? I don't remember becoming her friend."*
Narration: *The place has that old-fashioned atmosphere typical of small rural towns; the fact that we'd come from Tokyo seems to invite hatred. And it doesn't help that I'm a single mother with no local ties.*
Narration: *The seasons change, but the eyes of our neighbors never grow any warmer.*
Narration: *The only locals who've welcomed my arrival are the male customers at the snack bar by the station.*
Narration: *There are people who kindly listen to me, who talk to me... and those who end up trying to get too close to me, who try to touch me. All sorts of people.*
Narration: *With how hated I am by the neighbors, they feel far more welcoming to me.*
Narration: *Their warmth penetrates my hardened heart, and they help me to find the "woman" inside of me as I desperately struggle to be a mother.*
Narration: *Maybe everyone just sees me as an "easy woman"... but regardless, the fact that I feel that I'm needed makes me happy.*
Narration: *But there is one line I cannot cross.*
Narration: *I absolutely must not.*
Narration: *But despite that warning, whenever we become close... the woman inside me grows, and my resolve is shaken.*
Narration: *I want him to be nice only to me.*
Narration: *To love, and to be loved. *
Narration: *I've been comforting myself to control my desires as much as I can, but it only has the reverse effect, making me want to feel like a woman all the more so.*
Narration: *Whenever my very core is overcome with desire and lust, I remember the past.*
Narration: *A time when Kazuki was still alive.*
Kazuki: Aah... Yuuji... ah... hngh... Yuujiii! Ah... uwah! Ah! Ah! Aaah!!
Narration: *I was worried about the two of them, since they were quite a while to finish their bath. But just when I was about to step into the changing room... I heard their voices.*
Narration: *Yuuji's and Kazuki's silhouettes were visible through the frosted glass.*
Narration: *Every time the flesh-colored forms moved, Kazuki's normally-dignified voice rang out in the changing room... in a sensual tone I never expected to hear from her.*
Narration: *Given their personalities, Kazuki must have been the one who laid her hands on Yuuji... and he simply accepted.*
Narration: *Even though I should have been stopping them as their mother, I could not even lift a finger, as if bound by Kazuki's voice.*
Mom: .........
Narration: *Yuuji is a kind-hearted boy... I'm sure Yuu-chan will accept me like he did with Kazuki...*
Narration: *I trick myself into that mindset, allowing these filthy thoughts to run through me... and make me lust for Yuuji.*
Mom: Hey, Yuuji... can you help Mom... feel good?
Narration: *My mouth feels painfully dry, in response to the taboo I am about to commit.*
Narration: *My voice is shaky, and my heart is pounding so hard that I can hear it... The blood that flows through me feels like it's burning me as my body gets hotter and hotter.*
Yuuji: Sure, okay.
Narration: *Just from those two words, my womb practically melts down.*
Narration: *I'm almost painfully aroused. I can feel my juices soaking into my worn-out underwear.*
Yuuji: So... what should I do?
Mom: You don't have to do a thing. Just let me do what I want... that's all...
Yuuji: I don't have to do anything... to make you feel better?
Mom: Yes. That's right.
Yuuji: Okay. I got it.
Narration: *I'm reflected in his crystal clear eyes, free from any trace of doubt.*
Narration: *His innocent face shows his trust in me and his concern for my well-being.*
Narration: *To think that... I'll be having relations with Yuuji, my own son. I feel a vulgar sort of happiness even before the guilt of the situation.*
Narration: *I simply cannot contain the woman within me anymore ― it has grown so greatly that it has overtaken the mother inside me.*
Mom: Let's go to a room with a futon, then?
Yuuji: ...Okay.
Narration: *I take Yuuji, head tilted in puzzlement... and go to the bedroom.*
Narration: *With the thud of the sliding door closing, the sounds of the outside world are shut out. My body burns so much that I'm already sweating.*
Narration: *Feeling my breathing getting slightly ragged, Yuuji and I drag the futon, already thin and worn out, to the center of the room.*
Narration: *And... I lay my hand on Yuuji's pants.*
Yuuji: Mom...? Why're you taking my pants off?
Mom: I suppose... you wouldn't want to let me do what I want... to comfort me...?
Yuuji: No, not at all. 
Narration: *Though I feel a prick of pain in my heart, I still unbutton his pants... pull the zipper down... and pull his pants down along with his briefs.*
Narration: *Seeing the bare penis right before my eyes sets my mind on fire.*
Narration: *We bathed before, when he was even younger ― it doesn't seem to have changed much since then.*
Narration: *His penis is still small... and the foreskin still covers the tip.*
Mom: .........
Narration: *As if drawn towards it, my body takes Yuuji's dick.*
Narration: *It's been so long... and to top it all off, this is my own son's.*
Narration: *That made it all the more sweet, numbing my own thoughts.*
Narration: *How will it look once I get it erect, I wonder...?*
Narration: *His precome... his semen... What do they smell, they taste like...?*
Narration: *The more I think about it, the more my womb pines, and the more my underwear gets soaked.*
Narration: *My jaw slowly drops as I move my hand, little by little.*
Yuuji: Ngh...
Narration: *Yuuji's cute reaction arouses me all the more.*
Mom: *Smack*... *slurp* nghh... mmhh! Fuhh... *smack*...
Narration: *While I stroke off Yuuji's dick, I stimulate it with my mouth, as if I'm kissing it.*
Narration: *His penis twitching is so adorable that I naturally begin to kiss it faster.*
Mom: Nghh, *smack*... *slurp*, *smack*... Hahhh... hagh... Ngh... *smack*...
Yuuji: Oohh, ahh...
Narration: *My pleasuring grow more and more fervent in response to Yuuji's voice and dick responding.*
Mom: *Slurp*... *smack, *smack*... Nghh... Fuhh... hahh, nhh... *lick* *slurp*
Narration: *Unsatisfied with just kissing, I use my tongue to lick his rod.*
Narration: *It's been so long since I've tasted this that my mouth is absolutely drooling.*
Narration: *My saliva naturally ends up spreading to Yuuji's still flaccid penis, making it look particularly lewd despite its young size.*
Mom: Hehe... what a lovely dick...
Mom: But... I need to get it even wetter... Nghh, mmhhh... *slurp* *slurp*
Narration: *I take all the saliva in my mouth, and thoroughly sully his dick with my tongue and hand.*
Narration: *Getting the excess saliva with my hand, I stimulate his tip while using my lips to caress the sides and underside of his dick.*
Yuuji: Ah, ahh...
Mom: Nhh, *smack*.... Hagh, hahh... Your dick's getting so big... Nghh...
Narration: *From the base onwards, he starts to get harder... until his dick's entire length becomes erect.*
Mom: Ahh... Wonderful...
Narration: *Though still covered by the foreskin, the tip shows itself a little. It's a pure pink color.*
Narration: *When I remember how lovely its simple, innocent look is, my saliva overflows from arousal.*
Mom: *Gulp*...
Narration: *More... I want to see more...*
Narration: *I want to peel back that skin and expose the pink of his dick.*
Mom: Nghh, *slurp*, *smack*...
Narration: *I put my index finger in my mouth and thoroughly coat it in saliva.*
Narration: *And then I take that finger, dripping wet, and slide it in between the penis's head and the foreskin.*
Mom: I'll get this part nice and wet too...
Narration: *I twirl my finger all around to make sure his foreskin and head get evenly coated.*
Yuuji: Uwah, aghh, ahhh...
Narration: *The tip of his penis, covered in foreskin, seems to be sensitive. Just touching it lightly makes him twitch and moan.*
Narration: *I move my finger around as gently as possible, getting my saliva coated everywhere, while moving the skin up and down.*
Mom: *Smack*, ngh... hahh... *suck*, nhh, fuhh, *suck*...
Narration: *As my finger runs dry, I add some more, twirling up the rest that drips off.*
Narration: *I then go back to running my finger along the head of his penis, making sure to get it all nice and wet.*
Mom: Hehe... It's gotten more slippery than earlier...
Mom: And whenever I stroke my finger around your penis, the saliva inside makes a moist, sticky sound... *gulp*... haahh...
Narration: *I don't think I can take it anymore. I just can't. *
Narration: *I grab his dick and peel off the skin with my fingers.*
Yuuji: ―!!!
Mom: .........
Narration: *This is Yuuji's... my son's dick.*
Narration: *Pink... with some residue left...*
Mom: *Sniff* *sniff*...
Narration: *Ahh, there's still a mild smell of the "cheese".*
Narration: *It's a little tough to tell with my saliva, but it's definitely it.*
Narration: *I wonder what his precome tastes like?*
Narration: *So I think to myself, as I gently rub his penis, now even harder after getting the foreskin peeled off.*
Yuuji: Ugh, ahh... aghh...
Mom: Ahh―
Narration: *His urethra is puckering open and shut, with clear fluid slowly oozing out.*
Narration: *This is Yuuji's... precome...*
Narration: *Before I knew it, I already had Yuuji's dick in my mouth.*
Narration: *A salty, bitter taste spreads throughout my mouth, escaping through my nose.*
Narration: *The taste of a man, which I've not savored for so long.*
Narration: *It tastes incredibly sweet to me; I get intoxicated on it.*
Mom: *Slurp*... *smack*... *slurp*, *lick*... *Smack* *smack* Nghh...
Yuuji: Ahh... aghh...
Narration: *I trace my tongue all around the glans, licking up the cheese stuck on it.*
Narration: *The taste of Yuuji... of my own son... fills my mouth. And it causes me to salivate even more.*
Narration: *But I quickly swallow that saliva so as not to dilute Yuuji's "flavor".*
Mom: Ngh, *suck*... *smack*... Fufu... Mom will... *slurp* *smack*... make your dick nice and clean... *suck*... Nghh...
Narration: *I lick all over his head, taking all the chunks of cheese scattered around.*
Narration: *Bits that don't come off as easily, I moisten with my saliva, and then slowly scrape off.*
Narration: *Perhaps he feels pleasure from my gentle "cleanup", as the taste of his precome in my mouth becomes stronger and stronger.*
Narration: *The woman inside me, awakened, begins to crave even more of it.*
Mom: Hah, ahh... More, Yuuji... *slurp* *slurp* *suck*... Nghh... *smack*...
Yuuji: Oohh, ughh...
Narration: *Yuuji groans softly. He obviously isn't used to having it sucked like this.*
Narration: *Still, more of his precome drips out steadily. Maybe his body is getting used to the pleasure... or maybe it's some kind of defensive reaction.*
Mom: Ahh... here it comes, here it comes... *slurp*, *smack*, *smack*, *suck*... Nghhh, *smack*...
Narration: *But just a little bit of sucking already has him running dry.*
Narration: *Still, I don't stop sucking; I stroke his rod, wanting more of his precome.*
Mom: Yuuji... Nhh, *suck*... *slurp*... Gimme more... Nghh... *smack*... More precome...
Yuuji: ―! Hah, ahh... aghhh...
Narration: *Yuuji flails about in pleasure, his pleasured sighs growing longer, his expression loosening up.*
Narration: *Whenever I see that reaction of his, I get so aroused that chills run down my spine.*
Narration: *The excitement causes my reasoning to weaken, and I begin to move even more aggressively.*
Narration: *No... The very moment I began to lust after Yuuji, all reason went right out the window.*
Narration: *I suck on Yuuji's dick even more, while the collected part of me is in the back of my mind, continuing to berate me all the while.*
Mom: *Slurp*... *suck*, Mmm... *lick* *lick*... *smack*... *smack*... mmhh! There's some more precome... *suck* *suck*...!
Yuuji: Hiihh, guhh...!
Narration: *My stimulation is too strong, making Yuuji almost reel back. His dick ends up slipping under my tongue.*
Narration: *At that moment, the taste of Yuuji suddenly grows stronger.*
Mom: Nghh... So there's some more cheese behind your glans...
Mom: I'll clean this up too...
Narration: *It's difficult to adjust my position so that my tongue could reach, so I decide to use my lips to scrape it off instead.*
Mom: *Suck*, *slurp*... *lick* *lick*... *smack*... *smack*... *lick*... *slurp*... *lick*...
Narration: *Without paying heed to the obscene sounds of what we were doing, or that saliva was already dripping down Yuuji's penis, I simply continued to suck.*
Narration: *As if marking it as my own property, I coat not only his penis, but also his balls with my saliva.*
Yuuji: Hiiighh―!
Narration: *Yuuji's penis expands the very moment he lets out a yelp ― almost a scream.*
Narration: *He's coming―*
Narration: *That very thought sets my mind on fire, and brings to a complete stop my already warped thoughts.*
Narration: *Despite that, I still continue to move my body, stimulating his dick with my lips and hand.*
Mom: *Lick*, *slurp*... *Suck*, *slurp*... *lick* *lick*... Nghh! *smack*... *suck*... 
Narration: *There's only one thing I want. Semen... Yuuji's semen.*
Yuuji: Ahh... Ugh...
Narration: *His penis expands so much, it almost feels like it's about to explode ― and in that moment, his semen shoots straight into my mouth.*
Mom: Nghh, mmhh... Guhh, nghh... nhhh, fuhh... Oohh, ughh...
Narration: *The semen shoots so vigorously that it ends up hitting the back of my throat. Though it's tough, I keep a firm grip with my mouth.*
Narration: *I stroke him hard in order to extract his semen down to the last drop.*
Narration: *Before I know it, my mouth is completely full of his semen.*
Narration: *But still, his ejaculation doesn't stop. Some of his semen spills right out of my mouth.*
Narration: *Ahhh... What a waste...*
Narration: *He finishes his ejaculation, leaving me somewhat sad.*
Mom: ...!
Narration: *But just as I'm starting to feel wistful, a strong smell hits my nose.*
Narration: *It's something I haven't smelled in a while... the smell of a man. It jolts my brain, driving me to a minor climax.*
Narration: *I suddenly realize that my panties are soaking wet. Fluid is already dripping down my thighs.*
Narration: *Ignoring the unpleasant stickness, I relish the flavor of the semen in my mouth.*
Mom: Mghh... nhh... *smack*... Nnhh...
Narration: *I literally chew on the larger, more solid blobs of semen to break them down, and slowly swallow it all.*
Mom: Nhh... *gulp*... Agh, haahhh...
Narration: *The semen slides down my throat and I immediately feel a fire lit within me.*
Narration: *That alone makes me come slightly, and I continue to swallow.*
Mom: Nghh... *gulp*... Haaghhh...
Narration: *The hot semen reaches down to my stomach, and I completely lose focus.*
Narration: *My first bit of semen in so long. The taste of a man. And to top it off, it's from Yuuji, my own son... I can't help but get aroused.*
Mom: Mmm, nghh... it's stuck in my throat...
Narration: *I almost choke on a chunk of semen that's a bit too big... but even that is pleasurable.*
Narration: *Have I gone completely insane?*
Narration: *That even pain feels pleasurable?*
Narration: *My love juices are absolutely flooding out of me; it almost looks like I wet myself.*
Narration: *Getting so aroused... by my own son.*
Narration: *The tiny sliver of reason in my mind thinks that, but now that my body is on fire, I'm beyond help.*
Narration: *My body and soul are burning... I just absolutely have to have dick.*
Narration: *My empty vagina aches; my womb squirms.*
Narration: *I want to fill in the emptiness in my heart... in my pussy.*
Mom: *Suck*, *smack*...
Yuuji: Ahh―
Narration: *I take his still-hard dick out of my mouth, reluctant to part with it. Yuuji falls backwards, as if his legs had given out.*
Narration: *I get up, straddle Yuuji, and place my hands on my blouse.*
Narration: *Just imagining that dick going inside my sopping-wet pussy is getting me so aroused that my hands are shaking.*
Narration: *Just unfastening a single button takes so long, I end up getting frustrated.*
Narration: *My pussy quivers from how lonely I feel.*
Narration: *Ahhh, god, I just can't.*
Narration: *After unbuttoning everything, my patience hits its limit.*
Narration: *I want it in me. I need it.*
Narration: *Dick... In my pussy... Faster...*
Narration: *Those thoughts invade my mind, and I simply rip off my stockings.*
Narration: *Now I can finally...*
Narration: *I lower my hips, sliding my panties away, and grab onto Yuuji's dick.*
Mom: Ahh, haghh...
Narration: *I get the tip of his dick and rub it against my vaginal opening, as if to make sure it goes in the right place, and a jolt of pleasure runs through my spine.*
Narration: *That very instant, my knees give way... Yuuji's dick enters me in a single stroke.*
Mom: Fuwwaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!
Narration: *Having such a hard, hot rod shoved into me so suddenly... I can't help letting out a loud, shrill yelp.*
Narration: *How long has it been since I've made a voice like that? Since I've had sex?*
Mom: Ahh...
Narration: *While my thoughts are turned to mush from the pleasure, the remaining ounce of reason in me confirms the reality of the situation.*
Narration: *I... didn't have Yuuji put a condom on...*
Yuuji: Ugh...
Narration: *His dick. Is in my pussy. Raw. My folds tighten up on Yuuji's dick, as if to embrace that fact.*
Narration: *When was the last time I had my period...?*
Narration: *Though I think that, I quickly shove those thoughts aside.*
Narration: *It's already inside me raw. There's no point pulling out now.*
Narration: *Besides... I can't let go of this sensation.*
Narration: *Just as I think that, I begin to move my hips.*
Mom: Aahh, agh... haghhn... nghh, ahh, aahhh...
Narration: *It's almost as if my pussy changes shape to fit Yuuji's dick. Though I've only begun to move my hips, it feels shockingly good.*
Narration: *This is the hole that Yuuji once passed through. And now his dick is going in and out of it. The thought arouses me greatly.*
Narration: *Sex with my own son.*
Narration: *We've crossed the line.*
Narration: *Having this taboo sex feels so sweet that it almost hurts. Drool drips right out of my mouth.*
Mom: Ngh, hahhh... agh, ahh... More... nghah, ahhh... pound me more... anhh!
Narration: *Yuuji's dick, still not having grown fully, doesn't reach deep inside me ― up to my womb.*
Narration: *But that's exactly why I want to tease him, fuck him so hard, to the point of even bleeding.*
Narration: *While violating my own son, the thought of wanting him to violate me crosses my mind.*
Mom: Hahh... ngh! Aghh... C-Changing the angles like this as I move... nngh! Ahhh... It's scraping against me so much...!
Yuuji: Ighh, guhh...!
Mom: Hagh, haahhh... Ngh, ahh... did sex always... fwahh, ahh, feel this... ngh, this good...?
Narration: *It's as if my blood is boiling; every time a bubble pops, I feel a surge of pleasure.*
Narration: *My vaginal juices have turned a murky white from their clearness; every time I shake my hips, I hear a dull thud as Yuuji's penis gets more and more sullied.*
Narration: *I'm so aroused that even if after he's come inside me, I'll still feel the pleasure and longing for him.*
Mom: Hahhh, nghhaaa... Afuh... ngh... Sex... is the best― Hiihhnn!!
Narration: *My knees give out again to the pleasure and Yuuji goes deep inside me... his dick makes contact with my cervix.*
Narration: *Why...? When he put it in, they didn't touch...*
Narration: *Maybe my womb itself moved because it wanted to touch Yuuji...?*
Mom: Who gives a damn about why now...
Narration: *I toss aside the question to which I have no answer, sit down on Yuuji as if pressing myself against him, and wildly thrust my hips back and forth.*
Mom: Nghh, hagh, ahhh! Agh, hahh! Nghahh! Hah, annh!
Narration: *Having undergone two childbirths, my cervix is already loosened up. Whenever he rubs against it, I feel an indescribable bliss.*
Narration: *I almost pass out from the pleasure, and my hips give way.*
Narration: *My panting gets rougher and rougher, with drool spilling out of my mouth.*
Mom: Ahhh, agh! Hagh, ahhh...! I can't even... move... hyagh! But my hips... won't stop...! Ngh, hagh... they're moving even faster...!
Narration: *I'm violating Yuuji in the room he's always been in.*
Narration: *No, he's letting me violate him.*
Narration: *Intoxicated by the knowledge that I'm breaking a taboo... I approach climax.*
Mom: Hagh, hahh... Nghh! Agh, ahhhh! I want to feel you more... ahh, ahhh... But I'm gonna come...!
Mom: Fwah! Ahhh! Agh, haahhnn...! I'm going to come from Yuuji's... My own son's dick!
Narration: *I see white fireworks before my eyes, as my body is washed away by pleasure.*
Mom: Ah! Agh! Hahh! C-Coming...! Ngh! Hah, ahhh...! Coming...! I'm c... coming!
Mom: I'm commiiiiinngggggg!!!!!
Narration: *I bend backwards, and the moment I scream, Yuuji's dick shoots semen right as it's touching my cervix.*
Mom: Hyyaaaggghhhhhhhhh!!!!!!
Narration: *I scream once more, after being directly painted by semen so hot that it could burn.*
Narration: *Still feeling the immense heat rising up from within me, a thought runs through my mind, still clouded from the bliss of sex: "this is a separate house, but the neighbors might have heard that." *
Mom: Hagh, hahh... hahh... ngh, fuh, ahhh...
Narration: *My vagina puckers open, as semen flows out with a glopping sound.*
Narration: *Given the amount and viscosity, my spine tingles when I think that it's already his second load.*
Narration: *Having this experience might get me completely addicted to sex.*
Narration: *No... I might actually already be addicted to it.*
Narration: *Because... I still want to have more sex.*
Narration: *I brace myself and exert force on my legs, raising my hips up just barely enough that Yuuji's dick doesn't slip out.*
Narration: *As much as I wanted the pleasure of having my cervix stimulated, I wanted to leave as much of Yuuji's semen inside me. *
Narration: *While teetering on a dangerous balancing act, I begin to move my hips once more. *
Mom: Hyagh!? Agh, hagh... nfuuhh, aahhhh...! I-I... Ahhh! Agh! Oh god, I'm getting sensitive...!
Narration: *The pleasure you feel... right after climaxing is this intense...?*
Narration: *No... Have I ever even come from sex before...?*
Narration: *I've never experienced such bliss, such fulfillment from sex before.*
Mom: Ngh, hahh, aghh, ahh! Hiihh, ngh! Aghhh, ahh, aahhh!
Narration: *Whenever I feel satisfied, I feel even better, and move my hips more aggressively.*
Narration: *So as not to let even a single moment of the pleasure escape, I tense up and tighten up my vagina.*
Mom: Fwah, aahh, hahhh... The feeling of your dick scraping against me is getting stronger... Aghhh! Ahhh! It feels so good...!
Narration: *My entire body quivers, and a muddy whitish fluid leaks out from where we are connected.*
Narration: *Perhaps some semen left inside my vagina, or perhaps more fluid from when I came. Whatever it is, I tighten up my vagina once more, as I remember the feeling of arousal.*
Mom: Ngh, nhhh... Hahhh, aghh... More... Ngh, aahhh... dick, more... ah, aahhh...!
Narration: *Sweat flies off my body as I bounce about, with a strong aroma crossing through my nose before disappearing into the room.*
Narration: *Perhaps I've moaned too much ― my throat burns. *
Narration: *But regardless, I continue to scream while pleasuring myself on my son's dick.*
Mom: Hiihh, aghh... hahh, anhh! Aagh, ahh, hagh... ngh, aahhh, agh... Hahhh... Fwaaaghhahh!
Narration: *Whenever a ripple of pleasure hits me and my knees are about to give way, I quickly force myself to regain balance by maneuvering my upper body.*
Mom: Nghhh! No, it's going to slip out...!
Narration: *Because of how shallow he is inside me, and how slippery both our privates have gotten, it feels as if it's about to slip out.*
Narration: *While of course I could easily just reinsert it, even that moment feels like such a waste to me.*
Narration: *It's such a waste to force out the semen deep inside... but there's no helping it.*
Mom: Fwaaahhh!?
Narration: *The moment I drop my hips down, a dull sort of pleasure washes over me, different from the sensation of climax.*
Mom: What was tha― Hyah! Agh, hagh, aahhh! Nghah! Ahhh!
Narration: *When I rub myself in the same spot, the same dull sort of pleasure attacks me once more.*
Narration: *Is this... my G-spot?*
Mom: Hagh, ahhh! Ahh! Hiighnh! Ahhh... Hyah! When I rub my G-spot, I squirt...!
Narration: *I squirt small streams without end, getting not only Yuuji, but the futon wet as well.*
Narration: *But still, I continue to squirt and to move my hips.*
Mom: Hyuhhh! Ngh, hahh, agh, ahhhh...! No... I want to have even more sex, but... Haghh, mmnn... agh, ahhh... it's coming...!
Narration: *My spine tingles, signaling that I'm nearing climax.*
Narration: *Desiring even greater pleasure, my hips move even faster.*
Narration: *My detached consciousness and body both go into chaos as I grow closer to climax.*
Mom: Ahh! Agh! Hagh, mn! Ahhh! I-I'm coming again...! Aghh! Ngh, oh...? What...? Am I already coming...?
Mom: God, I don't know... Agh, ahhh! Aghh! Aahhh! It feels so good, I don't care anymore... Ahh! Aghhh! Aahhhh!
Narration: *My clouded mind clears up in an instant; before I realize the pleasure I'm experiencing, I climax.*
Mom: Aaaaaagggghhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
Narration: *My body trembles and the dick slips out, a violent stream of semen exploding forth.*
Mom: Ahhh, agh, aahhh... Haghh, ngh... ahhh...
Narration: *I can clearly feel the heat of the semen raining down onto me, as it seeps deep into the core of my body.*
Narration: *I couldn't move a finger, like a puppet with all its strings cut, but it felt strangely comforting.*
Narration: *I feel as if all the bonds that have been tying me down have all been cut... That I am now free.*
Mom: Hahh... Haghhh... Ngh, hahhh... hahh... Hagghhh...
Narration: *Perhaps my body has gotten sensitive after being enveloped in a blissful exhaustion ― the feeling of sweat as it rolls off me tickles.*
Yuuji: # **...Kuh...**
Narration: *As I'm savoring the sweet afterglow... I suddenly hear a sound that snaps me out of my reverie.*
Yuuji: *Sniff*... *sob*... Mom... it hurts...
Narration: *It's... the sound of Yuuji crying.*
Narration: *Because I had my way with his dick, even though it had just been peeled back... I've hurt him.*
Narration: *All the blissful feelings I had experienced immediately vanish, and a feeling of guilt overwhelms me.*
Narration: *I've hurt Yuuji.*
Narration: *The one person I had to do absolutely everything to protect―*
Narration: *The one and only child I have left, who means everything to me―*
Narration: *I've hurt him.*
Narration: *In the worst possible way.*
Narration: *My chest aches with pain. Guilt and nausea assault me.*
Narration: *But still, I... I think I'll end up hurting him again.*
Narration: *I learned something today, you see.*
Narration: *I learned that sex can feel absolutely incredible.*
Narration: *And a line, once crossed... becomes all but meaningless.*
Narration: *I'm a weak woman.*
Narration: *After crossing that line, I doubt I could hold myself back once the opportunity presents itself once more.*
Narration: *Even though I know that I will make him cry again... No, even if I know full well that we might do something that can never be taken back... I'm still going to lust for him again.*
Narration: *I'm sorry, Yuuji.*
Narration: *I'm sorry you have such a failure of a mother.*
Mom: I'm so sorry...

Date: *June XX, 2010, 08:23*
Narration: *―Mihama Private Academy.*
Narration: *This is my cage: a school built on reclaimed coastal land on the outskirts of Kanagawa prefecture.*
Narration: *It's a cutting-edge educational institution, equipped with remarkably expensive accommodations and a top-class teaching staff.*
Narration: *That might make it sound rather appealing... but given the tall concrete wall that surrounds the campus, it comes off as more of an isolation facility.*
Narration: *The fact that a number of locals refer to it as "The Prison" ought to convey just how bizarre this place really is...*
Narration: *But the most comical detail about this peculiar academy is that there's only a single student enrolled in it.*
Narration: *Ever since my arrival this April, I've been the only one living in the dormitory next door, and the only one attending lessons in these spacious classrooms.*
Narration: *Most schools would, of course, instantly go bankrupt under such circumstances, but that doesn't seem to be an issue here. It's an astonishingly ostentatious "cage" by any standard.*
Narration: *I know I've been spouting nothing but complaints so far... But to their credit, the school's PR claims about its "high educational standards" aren't entirely baseless.*
Narration: *All for the sake of their single student, they've brought in professional instructors to teach every individual subject on the curriculum. It's hard to find fault with them there.*
Narration: *Now that I've gotten used to it, even the preposterous rows of empty desks all around me don't seem so―*
Principal: Uhhm... Sakaki-san? Are you listening to me?
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *Realizing that the principal's calling my name, I turn my gaze up toward her. She lets out a small sigh.*
Principal: I know you're a poetic soul, so I'm sure you were just mentally comparing yourself to a bird in a cage or something... But no matter how sentimental you're feeling, you really should pay attention to what your teacher's saying.
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *This woman usually speaks in a rather dopey tone of voice, and her soft, childish appearance makes it hard to take her seriously... But at times, she can be remarkably perceptive. I really shouldn't let my guard down around her.*
Yumiko: ...I see. And what were you saying?
Principal: As I've previously informed you, this academy will be welcoming its first transfer student tomorrow.
Yumiko: Yes, I'm aware of that.
Principal: She's one grade above you, but you two will be in the same class.
Principal: In other words, she's going to be your first classmate here. And I'm sure that must be a fairly exciting prospect...
Yumiko: "Exciting"...?
Narration: *I didn't learn any of this until after I'd been dumped into this school, but it seems not just anyone can enroll here.*
Narration: *There are two conditions you have to meet in order to become a student here of Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *First, applicants must be connected to the school management board, the Sakaki Academy Educational Corporation, or its parent company, East Beach Holdings.*
Narration: *Second, applicants must be capable of paying an enormous entrance fee, in addition to tuition that's three times greater than that of elite private schools.*
Narration: *Only individuals who meet both of these qualifications are allowed to enroll.*
Narration: *Given these exacting demands, it's not hard to understand why I've been the only student here for so long.*
Narration: *And if someone's enrolling here despite all this... it means they can't possibly be a "normal" individual.*
Narration: *In all likelihood, the transfer student arriving tomorrow is just like me. They must have caused a serious problem of some sort.*
Narration: *Under the circumstances, I'm not naive enough to be "excited" about the arrival of my new classmate.*
Principal: ...
Principal: Yes. But I think the new girl will be nervous on her first day, just like you were. So please try your best to be welcoming.
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *The principal clearly interpreted my response correctly, but she made that request of me regardless. I'm not quite sure what to say.*
Yumiko: Our first transfer student, huh...?
Narration: *After school, I make my way to the rooftop of the dormitory to gaze out at the sunset.*
Narration: *One of the benefits of this absurd "learning environment" is that I can go anywhere I please when I want a little time to think.*
Yumiko: I'm not sure how you expect me to be "welcoming"...
Narration: *I do understand Principal Tachibana's perspective, but it's hard to believe that someone coming to this school will be anything close to ordinary.*
Narration: *In fact, it's entirely possible that this transfer student chose Mihama Academy because there's almost no one else here - specifically to minimize the need for social interaction.*
Narration: *And if that's the case, trying to be friendly would only cause her distress.*
Narration: *I have to admit that I simply don't know how to approach this.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *There's also the fact that my own social skills aren't exactly up to par.*
Narration: *I suppose that wasn't always the case, but things have changed... And I just don't feel particularly motivated to try and strike up a friendship with this new girl.*
Narration: *Even if I do make an effort to communicate with her, there's the risk that she'll take an overly aggressive attitude toward me.*
Narration: *Fortunately, I already know how to deal with people like that.*
Narration: *If this new transfer student turns out to be an enemy...*
Narration: *I'll answer her hostility in kind...*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I'll take this box cutter, just as I did on that day... and cut her out of my life.*
Yumiko: ...Phew.
Narration: *Realizing that there's a tight little smile on my face, I take a deep breath and try to calm down. And a moment later, I catch sight of a truck approaching the dormitory.*
Narration: *I'd forgotten that the transfer student's belongings were being delivered today. Shaking myself out of my reverie, I hurry down to the lobby.*
Moving Man: Hello? I'm here from Aramo Moving Company!
Yumiko: ...Hello.
Moving Man: Ah! Pardon me. Are you a student living here?
Yumiko: Well, yes...
Moving Man: All right then. I've brought over Suou-sama's belongings, just as requested...
Moving Man: Would it be all right for me to carry them inside?
Yumiko: Yes, please do.
Moving Man: Thank you very much! So... which room should I take her things to?
Yumiko: Oh, about that...
Yumiko: She actually hasn't been assigned a room yet, so please just leave everything in the lobby for now. I think we can take care of the rest later.
Moving Man: Ah, all right then. I'll leave everything right here!
Narration: *Instantly accepting my proposal, the man flashes me a professional smile and then makes his way back to the truck.*
Yumiko: ...It will probably be quite a pain to move everything later... but there's not much else we can do without knowing which room is hers.
Moving Man: Thank you very much, miss!
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *As the moving man finishes his task and leaves the dorm, I find myself staring dumbfounded at a mountain of cardboard boxes.*
Narration: *To be perfectly blunt, it feels like a lot. Quite a lot. Especially compared to the two boxes I brought with me when I moved in.*
Narration: *To be fair... I was basically shipped out here without any real time to pack, so maybe this is more like how things should be...*
Narration: *But even so, it feels a little... excessive...*
Yumiko: There are even a few refrigerated packages mixed in here...
Narration: *Just from that alone, it seems fairly obvious that the person who's arriving tomorrow is nothing at all like me.*
Narration: *What if it's some big, brawny glutton of a girl...? Am I going to be living with an ogre...?*
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *Sweat beads on my forehead as the hideous visage of a fairytale monster floats through my mind.*
Yumiko: Let's stop thinking about it for now...
Yumiko: The 25% off sale on video downloads ends today, doesn't it...?
Narration: *Forcibly pushing my fears from my mind, I turned back and headed to my room... but regrettably, my intuition would prove to be more to be reliable than I thought.*

Narration: *     　"I want to become a bird."*
Narration: *     Anyone who's spent enough time in the world of literature  will have felt that yearning at least once.*
Narration: *     　And I must admit, I'm no exception...*
Narration: *     I used to spend a good deal of time  gazing dreamily up at the clouds,  wishing I could fly freely through the sky.*
Narration: *     However, as I grew up and learned the ugly  truth about the nature of human society,  I came to realize how pointless that fantasy was.*
Narration: *     Why yearn for the life of a bird? I already was one.*
Narration: *     But that doesn't mean I can soar through the sky.  I'm a bird in a cage, forbidden to even flap my wings.*
Narration: *     That man holds my life and death in his hands.  I have no control whatsoever over my own future.*
Narration: *      Those are simply facts.*
Narration: *     When you really think it through,  perhaps everyone is a "bird in a cage" to some degree.*
Narration: *     ―It's just that the cage I live in is a bit...  "unusual" in comparison to those that most inhabit.　*

Date: *June XX, 2010, 06:30 - Dormitory - Yumiko's Room*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *After finishing up my routine web surfing, I glance at the clock in the corner of my computer's desktop. It's half past six.*
Yumiko: I guess that's enough for today...
Narration: *Letting out a little sigh, I turn off my machine and then crawl into bed without bothering to change into pajamas.*
Narration: *I doubt anyone transferring into a place like this is going to be enthusiastic enough to show up first thing in the morning... so I should be able to get in a good four hours of sleep before beginning my day.*
Narration: *Having worked out this convenient justification for my latest pointless all-nighter, I settle in under the covers and close my eyes.*
Yumiko: ...Mmmm...?
Narration: *But as just my consciousness is starting to fade away, an unpleasant sound makes its way to my ears.*
Narration: *Is that a car? No... a motorbike?*
Narration: *Well, it doesn't matter. It's certainly not going to be entering this campus.*
Narration: *I pull my blanket back over my body, deciding to ignore the sound... but for some reason, it keeps getting louder and louder.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *―All right, let's revise that.*
Narration: *Even if it does enter this campus, somebody else will surely take care of it.*
Narration: *Determined to ignore this irritating attempt to disrupt my schedule for the day, I squeeze my eyes shut... and a moment later, someone begins knocking frantically at my door. *
Principal: Sakaki-saaaaan! Wake up, pleeease!!
Yumiko: ...Principal Tachibana?
Principal: You probably stayed up all night on your computer and just got into bed a minute ago, right? Come on out already! I'm begging you!
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Hold on. Did that woman call me out?*
Narration: *...The fact that she's absolutely right makes it even more annoying than it otherwise would be.*
Principal: Oh, good grief! If you don't stop pretending to sleep, I'm going to give you a test in our next Contemporary Japanese class!
Principal: Maybe I'll even cut off your internet access! Bam, pow! Offline! Standalone!
Yumiko: ...!!!
Yumiko: Excuse me!? What exactly have I done to deserve that!?
Principal: Eek! The blue ogre!?
Yumiko: Who are you calling an ogre!?
Principal: Well, it's your fault for being so angry...
Yumiko: You were knocking on my door and shouting threats at the crack of dawn. What exactly did you expect...?
Principal: All right, yes, I'm sorry for being so forceful. But you have to understand, this is an emergency!
Yumiko: ...An emergency?
Principal: You can hear it too, can't you? This sound...
Yumiko: You mean... the sound of that bike's engine?
Principal: Exactly. I don't know what they're after, but a motorcycle gang has descended on Mihama Academy!
Yumiko: ...In that case, isn't it the teachers' job to deal with the situation?
Principal: Yes! That's why I want you to come with me, Sakaki-san!
Yumiko: ...Pardon me?
Principal: I've been trying to keep our spending down while we don't have many students enrolled... so I'm the only adult on the school grounds at the moment...
Yumiko: ...Haa...
Narration: *I can't help letting out a sigh.*
Narration: *Controlling your costs is a fundamental part of running any organization, but what exactly is she planning to do if this "economizing" has unpleasant consequences for her students?*
Narration: *Then again, I doubt the man paying for all this would particularly mind if something were to happen to me.*
Principal: Please, Sakaki-san! You're not just going to sit here and watch me be assaulted by some ruffian, are you!?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *I honestly wouldn't care that much, but I think she'd throw a horrendous tantrum if I said so. Giving in seems like the simpler choice.*
Yumiko: ...All right then. You just want me to come with you, correct?
Principal: Bwheeen! Thank you so much, Sakaki-san!
Narration: *Resigning myself to my fate, I clutch my trusty box cutter tightly and head down to the courtyard.*
Narration: *By the time we emerge from the dormitory, the growling sound of the engine has already stopped... and an individual clad in a flashy American-style biker outfit is just getting down off of their motorcycle.*
???: ―Pwaah!
???: It feels perfect when you're actually out on the road, but man... it sure gets stuffy wearing a riding jacket and chaps in this heat...
Narration: *Removing her helmet, the visitor standing before us reveals herself to be a young woman who doesn't look much like a "ruffian" of any kind.*
Narration: *She's around five foot seven or so, with long, slender limbs. Her red hair must be long enough to reach all the way down to her knees.*
Narration: *Brushing it back into the wind, she turns slightly... and her gaze meets ours.*
???: ...Hm?
???: Oh...! Do you two work for this school, by any chance?
Principal: ...
Yumiko: She's talking to you, Miss Principal.
Principal: ...W-Why don't you answer her, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: Why me...?
Principal: W-Well... this is a little scary, isn't it? What if she points a gun at me and shouts "Don't move!" or something!?
Principal: I've had enough of that for one lifetime...
Yumiko: ...Honestly. Can you at least try to act like a principal?
Narration: *Trying to contain my exasperation, I gently push Principal Tachibana's shaking body forward.*
Principal: Huh...? W-Wait... wha? Sakaki-san!?
Narration: *Thrown off-balance, she staggers forward and ends up right in front of the girl.*
???: Uhm, so you're... the principal, then?
Principal: Yes! I'm the principal of this school, Chizuru Tachibana! I'm a teacher, you hear? NOT a little girl who sells flowers!
???: F-Flowers?
Principal: Oh god, please don't start grinding an oar against my forehead while I'm splashing around gasping for air...
???: I don't quite understand what you're talking about, but... it's nice to meet you. I'm Suou Amane, and I'll be in your care as of today.
Principal: Whaaaat!? Y-You're Suou-san!?
Amane: Well, yes... Why do you look so surprised?
Principal: I mean, in your application photo you were wearing glasses, and your hair was braided, and... well, you looked a little meeker...
Amane: Oh, yeah... I didn't want to spend the money for a new ID photo. That's an old photo from my previous school. As you can see, I've switched to contacts.
Principal: Okay, but... what's with the American biker-gang style motorcycle...?
Amane: Well, Mishima Cape isn't that far from Tokyo, and I thought it might be nice to have a way to get around here... so I just drove on over.
Principal: Just like that!?
Amane: ...I don't think there's any rule against driving a motorbike to school, right?
Principal: T-True... we don't have any policies regarding licenses or vehicles of any kind. But even so...
Amane: I'll make sure to keep the noise down, and it would be a big help to have my own means of transportation... so could you at least consider it?
Principal: ...Well, all right then.
Amane: Yay! Thank you very much!
Yumiko: ...
Amane: Also, uhm...
Narration: *Pausing in mid-sentence, the transfer student turns her gaze over toward me.*
Principal: Oh, of course. Sorry I took so long to introduce you. This is Sakaki Yumiko. She'll be your classmate, Suou-san.
Amane: Sakaki Yumiko-san, huh... Okay then. Can I call you Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: Certainly.
Amane: Great. Well, it's a pleasure to meet you, Sakaki-san!
Yumiko: ...Likewise.
Narration: *Seemingly indifferent to the perfunctory tone of my pleasantries, the transfer student flashes me a sincere smile.*
Narration: *The fact that she didn't try to move in for a "friendly" handshake seems to suggest that she possesses a surprising amount of tact.*
Narration: *Of course, I don't intend to form my evaluation of Suou Amane based off something as simple as that. But I have to admit, at first glance she doesn't seem nearly as bad as I was afraid she might be.*
Principal: ......
Principal: Well then, I suppose I'll give you a quick overview of the dorm. Follow me, please.
Amane: Yes, ma'am!
Principal: This is Mihama Academy's dormitory, where you'll be staying as of today.
Amane: Whoooa... I did see the pictures in the pamphlet and all, but this building's even nicer in person...
Principal: Well, "Providing the Ultimate Learning Environment" just happens to be Mihama Academy's motto.
Principal: Incidentally, only Sakaki-san is currently living in this dormitory, so you're free to choose whatever room you like.
Amane: Seriously!? Do you really mean it!?
Principal: Absolutely. The first floor has four rooms available, and the second floor has seven. Please pick whichever one you'd like.
Principal: By the way, the room nearest to the front door is the management room, and the boiler room's right next to it.
Amane: Okay, got it! Uhm, by the way... is that pile of cardboard boxes over there my luggage?
Yumiko: Yes. I was told you'd be picking a room later, so I asked them to leave your things in the lobby.
Amane: Ah, right. Thanks.
Narration: *Seemingly undaunted by the prospect of carrying all of her things to her room, the transfer student heads over to the boxes and starts counting them off to see if anything's missing.*
Amane: One, two, three, four... ten... one, two, three... Yep, they're all here.
Principal: Do these... all belong to you, Suou-san?
Amane: You betcha.
Principal: I know young women these days tend to have a lot of possessions... But isn't this a bit much?
Amane: Well, I kinda feel the same way... but it's mostly just food in these, you know?
Principal: ...Food?
Amane: I dunno how to put this, but... I always feel kind of uneasy unless my pantry's really well-stocked...
Amane: It's mostly water, rice, and salt... oh, and some non-perishable canned stuff, too.
Principal: ...I see.
Amane: There's some cookware in there too, of course.
Principal: Are you confident in the kitchen, Suou-san?
Amane: Yeah. My dad's the head chef at a Japanese restaurant... I've been learning stuff from him ever since I was little.
Principal: In that case, maybe I should ask you for lessons sometime.
Amane: Ahaha... well, sure, if you're all right with learning from an amateur...
Principal: Thank you. I'm looking forward to it.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Standing by quietly, I listen to their conversation.*
Narration: *Is there anything unnatural about the transfer student's responses? Am I missing any warning signs? For now, that's all I'm interested in.*
Principal: So... how would you like to proceed? Shall we go around and look at the rooms one by one?
Amane: Hmmm... do they all have the same layout?
Principal: Yes, all the rooms share the same basic design. The only difference I can think of is that the corner rooms have windows on two sides.
Amane: I see...
Narration: *The transfer student brings her hand to her chin and hums thoughtfully to herself.*
Amane: For the time being, can we head up to the second floor?
Narration: *With that, she heads over to the staircase. The two of us follow after her.*
Amane: Just so I know beforehand, Sakaki-san, is your room...
Yumiko: It's in the far right corner as you come up the stairs.
Amane: In that case... I think my first choice would be here.
Narration: *As she speaks, her eyes turn to the room diagonally across from mine. *
Principal: Well, it's up to you, of course... but are you sure you want one right in the middle of the hall? We've got plenty of corner rooms available.
Amane: I don't really care either way. The walls aren't particularly thin or anything, are they?
Principal: Well, no. I understand that the building was designed with its residents' privacy in mind.
Amane: Okay then. Can I take a quick look inside?
Principal: By all means.
Amane: Whoa... talk about spacious...
Narration: *Opening the door with the principal's key, the transfer student steps inside and walks slowly to the center of the room.*
Principal: The room's about fourteen square yards, and we've supplied your basic furnishings. But if you want to pick out your own instead, please do let me know. We can ask one of our contractors to arrange for the replacement.
Amane: Okay, got it.
Principal: ...Well? Do you like it?
Amane: Yes. The room's bigger than I need... and it's facing south, so I should get lots of sun! I don't see anything to complain about.
Principal: I see... so sunlight was your top priority?
Amane: I mean, that's pretty important, don't you think? It really helps with drying your laundry.
Principal: Incidentally, we do have a space for airing your laundry on the rooftop as well.
Amane: Whoa, really!? That sounds great!
Principal: In any case, I'll just leave the key to this room with you.
Amane: Thank you very much!
Principal: And on that note... Ahem.
Principal: ...Welcome to Mihama Academy, Suou Amane-san.
Narration: *Just as the principal finishes things up with these formal words of greeting, the ringing of a mobile phone abruptly fills the air.*
Principal: I'm sorry, that's mine...
Narration: *Looking a bit abashed, she quickly steps outside the room to take her call.*
Amane: Hmm, looks like we've got alkaline ionized water from the tap...
Amane: And the stove's an induction type, huh...? Good thing I brought the right kind of pots.
Narration: *In the meantime, the transfer student sets about examining the room's kitchen with genuine excitement in her eyes.*
Yumiko: ...Not surprising she picked this room, actually...
Narration: *In a building full of empty rooms, it'd be rather aggressive to pick a room next to someone else's.*
Narration: *But if she chose one that was too far away, there was a risk I might take offense.*
Narration: *At least in part, that line of thought probably influenced the transfer student's decision.*
Principal: I'm terribly sorry, but something rather urgent has just come up. Do you mind if I explain everything else tomorrow, Suou-san? 
Amane: That's totally fine with me. I've got tons of stuff to carry up here tonight... Honestly, it's more convenient this way.
Principal: Come to think of it, can you handle all that by yourself? Do you want me to call someone to help out, maybe?
Amane: No, that's okay. They're just a bunch of cardboard boxes... and I'm pretty strong, actually.
Principal: Well, if you say so... But if run into any trouble, please contact me right away.
Narration: *With that said, the principal hands the transfer student a piece of paper with her email address.*
Amane: I really do appreciate your thoughtfulness.
Principal: All right, I have to be going now. Please give Suou-san a hand as well, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ...Yes, ma'am.
Narration: *Nodding at my reply, the principal turns and strides quickly out of the room.*
Narration: *As she heads for the stairway, I speak to the transfer student without turning in her direction.*
Yumiko: Is there anything I can help you with?
Amane: Hmm, well... would you mind lending me your box cutter?
Yumiko: Wha...!?
Narration: *My heart skips a beat the moment I hear those words.*
Yumiko: W-Why do you...
Amane: I mean, I need one to open my boxes, right? But I kinda came here empty-handed...
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Amane: So I was hoping to borrow yours, if you've got one... sorry, was that too sudden of me?
Yumiko: Oh... So that's what you meant...
Narration: *With a small sigh of relief, I reach into my skirt pocket and retrieve the box cutter I've been concealing.*
Amane: ...You were... carrying one?
Yumiko: Yes. I thought it might be needed.
Narration: *I knew revealing it immediately would make her a bit wary, of course. But pretending to go back to my room for it would feel rather ridiculous.*
Narration: *―And I'm not exactly lying to her, either.*
Amane: Oh, gotcha. Thanks.
Yumiko: Also, do you have any questions you'd like me to answer now?
Amane: Hmm... I did skim through the admissions guide pamphlet, so I think I'm okay for the moment...
Amane: But if I run into anything I need to know while I'm getting situated, could I stop by and ask you?
Yumiko: Of course. I'll be in my room, so please call for me if you need anything.
Narration: *All right. I've now officially offered our new transfer student my assistance.*
Narration: *That ought to be a sufficient display of deference to our principal, I think. Offering my goodbyes in a slightly friendlier tone of voice, I turn around and head back to my room.*
Yumiko: ...Apart from the nature of her arrival, she seemed fairly normal...
Yumiko: Suou Amane...
Narration: *Muttering the name of my future classmate, I sit down on my bed and reach out for the file I left on my desk.*
Yumiko: A normal classmate wouldn't have access to something like this, of course...
Narration: *Speaking those words inspires a brief pang of guilt. I'm currently holding an investigative report on Suou Amane.*
Narration: *It wasn't my choice to transfer into Mihama Academy, but I'm still the daughter of its owner. I have a certain amount of say concerning its administration.*
Narration: *And of course, no one wants me causing more trouble, since they don't have anywhere else to put me at this point. They gave me this beforehand as a preventative measure of sorts.*
Yumiko: Her family's home is a Kyoto-style restaurant in Kanda, Tokyo... her father's the head chief, and her mother's the proprietor...
Yumiko: After taking a year off from Takizono Private Academy, she transferred to a school in Kyoto, where her mother's family is located... but she stopped attending after three months.
Yumiko: In other words, she's two years older than me...
Narration: *And the reason for her leave of absence was...*
Yumiko: A traffic accident that occurred after her club's summer camp...
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *After skimming over the summary on the first page, I toss the whole thing away.*
Narration: *I do understand that the report was prepared for my sake, of course... But I don't have any intention of making friends with all of the students who will eventually arrive here, so it's not of any real interest to me.*
Narration: *―I'm perfectly fine with keeping my distance.*
Yumiko: At the very least, the last thing I would want is anyone trying to "sympathize" with what I've been through.
Narration: *"There's no way any student at this school could be a normal person."*
Narration: *As one such student, I'm all too aware of that. And that's why I'm not about to go prying into anyone else's life story.*
Yumiko: ...It's a bit out of character for me to even be thinking about this, honestly.
Narration: *I'm not going to trust anyone ever again...*
Narration: *And I'm not going to take anything seriously.*
Narration: *Those were the promises I made to myself in that moment, when the fruit that had ripened inside me fell to the ground with a rotten squelch.*
Yumiko: Kuh...
Narration: *The image of a girl with her hands dyed red flashes before my eyes, and an intense wave of fatigue washes over me.*
Narration: *Is my body warning me? Trying to stop me from remembering what happened that day?*
Narration: *No, that's not it.*
Narration: *It's much simpler than that. The principal woke me up as I was falling asleep, and now my exhaustion is catching up with me.*
Yumiko: It should be all right... to sleep now, right...?
Narration: *That transfer student seemed like a fairly perceptive sort, so I don't think she'll be asking me for help.*
Narration: *Having provided myself with another convenient excuse, I close my eyes and let the pleasant drowsiness wash over me.*
Yumiko: ...Mmn...
Narration: *It feels like only moments have passed when I wake, but the world around me is already dyed in shades of orange.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *I lie quietly on the bed for a little while, but I don't hear anything outside my door.*
Narration: *By this point, she may already have finished carrying up her things.*
Yumiko: I guess... I ought to take a look just to make sure...
Narration: *"The principal did ask me to help her, after all."*
Narration: *A bit embarrassed by my inability to do anything without inventing some form of justification, I step out of my room... and suddenly notice something unusual.*
Yumiko: ...Hmm?
Narration: *When I listen closely, I can make out a peculiar noise that sounds a bit like two wet objects scraping briskly against each other.*
Yumiko: What's this sound...?
Narration: *There are only two tenants in this dormitory, and I'm not the culprit here.*
Narration: *In order to confirm my conclusion, I reach out and softly open the door to the newly-occupied room across the hall.*
Amane: Hehehe... Hehehehehe...
Amane: Ooooh... man, Japanese kitchen knives really are th' greatest... They're so dang sharp and so dang skinny. It's really somethin' else, ya know...?
Yumiko: ―Eek!?
Amane: ...Hmm?
Yumiko: T-The red ogre...
Amane: Who ya callin' an ogre!?
Amane: Er... Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: Uhm, I... heard a peculiar sound from the corridor, so...
Amane: Ooh, sorry... was I being too loud?
Yumiko: Not exactly, but... when I peeked inside your room, I saw you sharpening a deadly weapon... so...
Amane: Uh, what deadly weapon...? This is just a kitchen knife.
Yumiko: I've never seen a kitchen knife like that before...
Amane: Ah, well... this is a hand-me-down from my dad, so I guess it's a little different from the typical consumer ones...
Amane: Chefs usually get their knives custom-made, and the forger carves their name on them.
Yumiko: ...Koshino... Kihachirou...
Narration: *Sure enough, there's a name carved into the side of the blade in her hand.*
Amane: Yep, it's handmade by a Tsubame-Sanjo craftsman! Pretty awesome, right?
Yumiko: Well, if you say so...
Narration: *I can't even cook for myself, so I don't have the first idea how impressive that thing really is.*
Yumiko: In any case... if you're sharpening that thing, does that mean you've finished moving in?
Amane: Yep, I'm all done with that. I mean, it was just carrying some boxes up the stairs, you know?
Yumiko: ...I see.
Amane: Ooh, right! That reminds me, Sakaki-san. There was something I wanted to ask you.
Narration: *Just as I'm about to leave the room, the transfer student calls out to stop me. Reluctantly, I turn back to continue the conversation.*
Yumiko: ...Yes?
Amane: Actually, I've got two questions, if you don't mind.
Yumiko: It depends on what you want to ask.
Amane: Well, it's no big deal if you don't know, but... does this dorm have a storage room or anything?
Yumiko: A storage room?
Amane: Yeah. It looks like I've brought a little too much food, actually...
Amane: Given all the other stuff I'm gonna need to pick up later, I'm not sure I can get by with just a walk-in closet...
Narration: *"Then why don't you just throw the excess food away?"*
Narration: *Somehow managing to keep that thought to myself, I pause to consider her actual question.*
Yumiko: In that case, I think you can use the space under the stairs on the first floor.
Yumiko: It's not particularly large, but it should be helpful if you need a dark and cool place to store things.
Amane: Oh, gotcha... I didn't even know that was there.
Yumiko: What was your other question?
Amane: Oh, yeah, uhm... I was just wondering if you've eaten dinner yet.
Yumiko: ...No, I haven't.
Amane: Do you usually eat pretty late, then?
Yumiko: I suppose I have been recently, yes.
Amane: Gotcha. Thanks for telling me.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *I'm not sure what the point of asking me that was, but it seems like we're finally done here.*
Narration: *Having reached that conclusion, I turn around and―*
Amane: Hold on just a sec there, Sakaki-san!
Yumiko: What is it n... wha!?
Narration: *This time, I'm not able to hide my annoyance. But just as I spin back around, she tosses something in my direction, and I reflexively reach out to catch it.*
Narration: *For a moment, I find myself at a complete loss for words.*
Yumiko: ...What's this?
Amane: What d'you mean? It's corned beef, obviously.
Yumiko: No, uhm... that's not what I'm asking...
Amane: Ah, well... I just wanted to say thanks for your help, you know?
Yumiko: ...With a can of food?
Amane: Yep. Ozaki's corned beef is tasty stuff, by the way.
Yumiko: I see...
Narration: *Holding the chilly can in my hand, I leave the room without a word of thanks. I'm not exactly sure how to describe what I'm feeling.*
Yumiko: Corned beef...? Really...?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Not entirely sure what to do with the can, I just place it on my desk for now and return to my usual web surfing routine... But soon enough, there's a quiet knock at my door.*
Amane: Sakaki-saaaan, are you there?
Yumiko: That's... the transfer student, isn't it?
Narration: *There was complete silence outside this door up until yesterday, but it seems her arrival has changed things significantly. I let out a small sigh as I get up from my chair.*
Yumiko: ...Yes?
Amane: Hello there! I'm Suou Amane, and I just moved into the room diagonally across from you. Nice to meetcha, neighbor!
Yumiko: Huh...?
Amane: And on that note... feel like a nice SOBER night in?
Narration: *Grinning from ear to ear, she holds out a tray containing a heaping serving of soba noodles.*
Yumiko: ......
Amane: Feel like... a nice sober night in?
Yumiko: ...What?
Amane: Uhm, it's just a joke. Sober and soba, get it?
Yumiko: That's not... what I meant...
Amane: Huh...? Wow, did that one just bomb? That's weird. It got a big laugh at my last school...
Yumiko: Listen to me! That's not the issue here!!
Amane: Sorry... guess I really am kinda bothering you, huh...?
Yumiko: If you can tell, then why are you doing this in the first place?
Amane: Well, it's just polite to introduce yourself to the neighbors when you're moving in somewhere, you know?
Amane: This academy might be a dumping ground for problem children, but I'm still planning to mind my manners.
Yumiko: ...You're aware that you're a "problem child," then?
Amane: Yeah. And I transferred in here knowing full well what kind of a school it is.
Yumiko: I see...
Narration: *Assuming she's being honest, this girl's here of her own free will, unlike myself.*
Narration: *Whatever her reasons, it seems she's actively trying to improve her situation for the better. And that would explain why she's being so proactive.*
Amane: And on thaaat note... please enjoy this soba.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Amane: You haven't had dinner yet, right? This ought to hit the spot.
Yumiko: ...So that's why you asked me that...
Amane: Yep. I made this for you and all... It'd just be a waste to throw it away, don't you think?
Yumiko: ...That's true. Why not eat it yourself, then?
Amane: ...Huh?
Yumiko: Well then...
Narration: *With that said, I reach over to close my door.*
Amane: H-Hold on a second!
Narration: *Quickly figuring out what I was about to do, the transfer student slips her leg into the doorway to prevent me from closing it.*
Yumiko: ...What now?
Amane: Okay, don't you think that was a bit too harsh?
Yumiko: I didn't mean to offend you. My apologies.
Amane: In that case, I'll apologize for being so pushy... so would you please eat this soba?
Yumiko: You're awfully stubborn, aren't you...? I already said I don't want it.
Amane: And that's why I'm asking you to reconsider!
Yumiko: Wha...
Narration: *―I misjudged this girl.*
Narration: *I had the impression that she was a relatively thoughtful person, but it seems she's more of a meddling nuisance.*
Amane: Okay then... I'm just going to leave this very important plate of soba in your care for tonight!
Yumiko: ...Excuse me?
Amane: I'm just leaving it with you. That's all. So please just take it for now.
Yumiko: Just... leaving it with me?
Amane: Yep. You don't have to eat it if you don't want to. But if you change your mind, that's fine too.
Yumiko: What on earth is the point of...
Amane: It's no big deal that way, right?
Narration: *Even as the words are leaving her mouth, she pushes out the tray of soba toward me.*
Yumiko: Hold on, I didn't agree to―
Amane: Oookay then! That's that! Appreciate your help!
Narration: *Abruptly cutting off our conversation, the transfer student forcibly pushes the tray into my hands and then scuttles back to her room.*
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: What on earth...? Honestly...
Yumiko: Haaa...
Narration: *Leaning against my door, I let out yet another sigh. *
Narration: *After a full day of dealing with this remarkably pushy transfer student, I can't help resenting myself for my initial misjudgment of her personality.*
Yumiko: We'd only just met each other... so she was being a bit cautious, the same way I was...
Narration: *And because I failed to notice that simple fact, I've ended up with a tray of freshly-made soba sitting in my hands.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Then again, I suppose this is how it goes when you get a new classmate.*
Narration: *Ever since the incident at my previous school, I've been quite literally isolated here. I didn't have to bother thinking about anyone else.*
Narration: *But now that someone else like myself has arrived, a certain amount of friction between us is all but inevitable...*
Narration: *And given that we'll both be taking the same classes and living in the same building, things are only going to get more troublesome.*
Yumiko: For the time being... I just need to take care of this soba...
Narration: *Muttering grumpily to myself, I head over to the trash can in the corner of my kitchen.*
Narration: *I press my foot down on the pedal, and the lid swings open with a small "thunk."*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *The transfer student said something about "leaving it with me" for the night, but I'm positive she won't actually ask for it back.*
Narration: *I'll just have to dispose of it myself, then.*
Yumiko: ...I did tell her I didn't want it...
Narration: *Still... for some reason, my hands don't want to turn over the tray.*
Narration: *The seconds tick by as I stare at the lid of the trash can in silence.*
Yumiko: Ugh...
Narration: *My stomach abruptly begins to rumble, reminding me of the fact that I'm actually rather hungry.*
Narration: *To be certain, I haven't had a proper meal all day...*
Narration: *And my refusal of the soba was more reflexive than anything else.*
Narration: *Now that I'm actually holding it in my hands... the aroma's actually quite tempting.*
Narration: *The correct answer's clear enough, but it would be rather pathetic to give in so easily after my earlier show of defiance.*
Narration: *In that case, my best option would be...*
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: ......
Amane: Well, that was a looong day... time to refresh myself with a nice warm bath...
Amane: I still can't believe the grand bath here's open twenty-four hours a day! And it's got an ocean view, to boot! I can't wait...♪
Amane: Ohoh? Is that...
Amane: Ahhaha... she put the empty tray out in front of her room? I'm not running a home delivery service here, you know...
Amane: But she actually ate it, I guess.
Amane: Sakaki Yumiko-san, huh...?
Amane: She obviously isn't the most social sort, and I think she tends to wall herself off from people... but she doesn't seem like a bad person.
Amane: ...And it looks like she's a bit of a pushover.♪

Date: *June XX, 2010, 09:48 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *The transfer student received her campus tour the next day, as promised. And at the start of the following week, she began attending our normal classes without much in the way of ceremony.*
Narration: *Of course, "normal" is a rather subjective choice of words, given the peculiar nature of Mihama Academy's lessons.*
Narration: *The single most unusual aspect of this school's curriculum is that all students learn the same material, regardless of their grade.*
Narration: *Apart from certain electives, everyone takes identical classes in accordance with the educational program they devise on a yearly basis.*
Narration: *That's the reason that Suou-san, who entered as a second-year student, is in the same class as myself - a first year.*
Narration: *Incidentally, we're currently in a Contemporary Japanese period, studying...*
Amane: Hey, Sakaki-san... are you a virgin?
Yumiko: Excuse me!?!
Amane: Or... maybe you crossed that bridge a long time ago?
Yumiko: You suddenly walk over and sit down next to me, and those are the first words out of your mouth...? Is there something wrong with you?
Amane: Oh c'mon, that's a little harsh... didn't you hear the principal? We're supposed to get to know each other during our study hall periods, remember?
Yumiko: That's your attempt at "getting to know" me...? I'm at a loss for words...
Amane: Whoops... did I tick you off, maybe?
Yumiko: It's second period on a Monday morning. Did you honestly think asking me an inappropriate question was going to improve my mood right now?
Amane: Hmmm... I dunno. I get the feeling you're pretty interested in sex, so I thought it might work out...
Yumiko: Wha...?
Amane: When you've got those urges burning deep down inside, it's only healthy to talk about it every once in a while, you know? Keeping it all bottled up is just gonna stress you out.
Yumiko: ...I-I'm sure that's true. But it's not relevant in my case.
Narration: *I can deal with my baser impulses perfectly well on my own, thank you very much.*
Amane: Well, if you say so... In that case, mind if I ask you something about our classes?
Yumiko: ...What is it?
Amane: In this school, the afternoon classes are usually electives... and you have to tell them what you want to take a week in advance, right?
Yumiko: Yes. And as long as you get the principal's permission, you can attend classes outside the usual range of "fine arts" options.
Amane: Well, since I just transferred in, she told me to take the same ones as you for the first week. What did you choose for your afternoon electives, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: ...Drawing class.
Amane: I see... so you're sketching naked models to release your pent-up lust...?
Yumiko: T-That's not...! I specialize in landscapes!
Amane: Ah, gotcha. So you like to draw, huh?
Yumiko: ―Guh! 
Narration: *Pulled along by her provocative questions, I've ended up revealing more about myself than I needed to.*
Yumiko: ...Now that I've cleared up your suspicions, why don't you head back to your seat? I'd like to work on my calculus before our next lesson.
Amane: Okaaay...
Narration: *Apparently deciding that she's bothered me enough for the moment, Suou-san obediently returns to her own seat.*
Narration: *She's chosen a desk in the middle of the window-side row. Just like her room, it's a spot that gets a lot of sunlight.*
Narration: *Ever since her dramatic arrival at Mihama Academy, the girl's been making my life rather hectic...*
Narration: *But having another classmate around does have certain benefits.*
Math Teacher: Hmm, okay then... Suou-kun, why don't you solve the next problem for us?
Amane: Whaaat!? Me again!?
Narration: *For one thing, the instructors who like asking us to solve problems during class are generally focusing their attention on the new transfer student―*
Narration: *Which means I've finally got a reprieve from the awkward personal tutor dynamic that I've been putting up with since my arrival here.*
Amane: *Siiiigh*... Oh man, the morning classes are finally over...
Narration: *By the time we make it to lunch, Suou-san's sprawled out on top of her desk, having been singled out more than ten times by our instructors.*
Narration: *Watching her out of the corner of my eye, I slowly stand up from my seat.*
Amane: Hmm? You going to the ladies' room? Want me to come with?
Yumiko: ...What would the point of that be? In any case, I'm just going to pick up my lunch box.
Amane: Your lunch box?
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *All this explaining is starting to get a bit tiresome. Doing my best to suppress my annoyance, I try to think up a quick summary of the situation.*
Yumiko: Given our rather small enrollment, the school cafeteria isn't operating at the moment. They let us order lunches instead.
Amane: Now that you mention it, the principal did say something about the cafeteria being closed on our tour...
Yumiko: Just write your name and your order in the notebook next to the blackboard before morning homeroom begins, and they'll have it ready by lunchtime.
Amane: Wow... we can get delivery lunches every day, huh? They weren't kidding about sparing no expense.
Narration: *True enough. Of course, it's fairly obvious that we're only afforded that "privilege" to discourage us from wandering outside the school's walls.*
Amane: But I think I'm gonna be making my own lunches for now, so I probably won't be taking advantage of that.
Yumiko: ...
Amane: Sorry, uh... could you stop making that "Why did you even bother asking" face? I honestly didn't know it was even an option until now.
Yumiko: Well, I suppose that's true...
Amane: Hey, Sakaki-san. You have a minute?
Narration: *After school, as I'm leaving the classroom to return to our dorm, Suou-san rushes over to stop me.*
Yumiko: ...What is it?
Amane: I kinda didn't find the right moment to ask before, but... could I get your email address?
Yumiko: My... address?
Amane: You do have a cell phone, right?
Yumiko: ...Yes, but I don't feel the need to give you my contact information.
Amane: Wait, what!? Why not!?
Yumiko: We're in the same class, and we live in the same building. There's hardly any need for us to contact each other by phone, is there?
Amane: Uh, I dunno...
Yumiko: At the very least, I have no intention of calling you. Ever.
Amane: Whoa... okay, isn't that the sort of thought you'd normally keep to yourself...?
Yumiko: I'm not a normal person, I'm afraid.
Amane: ...
Amane: Honestly, I don't know why you have to keep acting so prickly...
Yumiko: ...What's that supposed to mean?
Amane: You ate all the soba the other day, didn't you?
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *Caught off-guard by this unexpected comment, I feel my cheeks instantly go red.*
Narration: *Trying to hide my own embarrassment, I force my face into an even sterner expression than before.*
Yumiko: I really don't want you getting the idea that I'm a "pleasant person" deep down, so let me make one thing perfectly clear...
Yumiko: The only reason I'm putting up with you is because the principal asked me to. I'm certainly not planning on becoming your friend.
Yumiko: So I'd very much appreciate it if you'd stop running over to accost me like someone handing out tissues on the street.
Amane: So that's how you're gonna play this, huh...?
Yumiko: Wha...?
Amane: I'm not gonna ask why you're here, Sakaki-san. And I'm not gonna tell you to be friendly... but doesn't that act get a little tiresome after a while?
Yumiko: Excuse me!? I'm not acting!!
Narration: *Not only did she ignore my attempts at provocation, the girl's acting as if she sees right through me. It's so aggravating that I find myself raising my voice.*
Amane: ...All right then. If you feel that strongly about it, I won't bother you about your address anymore.
Amane: I mean, I guess I was being a little inconsiderate myself. 
Yumiko: ...I see. I'm glad you've decided to be reasonable.
Narration: *With that slightly caustic parting shot, I walk off toward the entrance, my strides longer than usual.*
Amane: ...Well, she's certainly made her feelings clear...
Amane: I can tell she's not a bad person, but... this is going to take some work...
Yumiko: ...Haah.
Narration: *Finally abandoning my attempt at studying for English class, I lean back in my desk chair and let out a long sigh.*
Narration: *It seems like I've been doing a lot more of that over the last few days.*
Yumiko: Come to think of it... it's been quite a while since I shouted that loudly...
Narration: *Since the day that Principal Tachibana showed me around Mihama Academy with a frightened expression on her face, I've barely spoken to anyone except during classes.*
Narration: *In that respect, I've changed a surprising amount in the last few days.*
Narration: *But after such a long period of stagnation, I can't tell if that's even a positive thing.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *To be honest, there's been a single thought burning inside me since the moment I stalked out of that classroom.*
Narration: *"Maybe I was a little too hard on her."*
Narration: *That sense of regret has completely robbed me of the ability to concentrate.*
Narration: *I essentially told the girl to leave me alone, and now I'm wasting my time worrying about her. It's honestly rather pathetic.*
Narration: *Still, it's painfully obvious that I'm not going to get anything done if I leave things the way they are.*
Yumiko: I'll just... take a quick look to see how she's doing... Yeah, that's all...
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *Standing in front of Suou-san's door, I pause for a moment and then knock fairly loudly. There's no reply.*
Yumiko: Maybe... she's not back yet...
Yumiko: ...Mm?
Narration: *As I'm trying to decide what to do next, I notice the sound of someone striking something with a hard object.*
Yumiko: It seems to be coming from the first floor...
Amane: Hmm, I guess that looks about right...
Narration: *Descending the stairs, I discover my classmate standing in front of the dormitory's shoe racks, apparently hammering a nail into the wall.*
Yumiko: ...
Amane: Hey. Just thought I'd hang up a whiteboard over here.
Narration: *When I draw closer in silence, Suou-san starts speaking to me without turning around.*
Narration: *There's no awkward tension in her voice. That's a bit of a relief.*
Yumiko: What do we need a whiteboard for?
Amane: Well, we've got two people living in the dorm now that I'm here... so I thought it would be nice for us to know who's around at any given moment.
Narration: *As Suou-san straightens the whiteboard against the wall, I realize that she's holding a number of magnetic plates that read "Out" on one side and "In" on the other.*
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *All of a sudden, I finally understand.*
Narration: *Suou-san only wanted my contact information so that we could inform each other of our whereabouts when necessary.*
Narration: *And thanks to my stubborn refusal, she ended up going out of her way to set this up.*
Narration: *In the face of that fact, I can't help feeling rather ashamed of myself.*
Amane: ...This way, we don't have to get too "friendly" or anything. Right?
Narration: *I'm not sure if Suou-san understands how I'm feeling. But instead of asking me for my email address again, she simply flashes me a mischievous little grin.*
Yumiko: ...True enough.
Amane: Okay then. Good to hear.
Narration: *Following her lead, I try to respond as normally as possible. She smiles in evident satisfaction.*
Amane: Okay, this one's for you. Why don't you put it on?
Yumiko: S-Sure...
Narration: *Feeling a bit like a child who ran away from home in a fit of pique, only to come crawling back once they got hungry, I bashfully look for my name on the whiteboard...*
Yumiko: The lonely housewife... Sakaki Yumiko...?
Amane: What do you think? It's a pretty fitting nickname, right?
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *After checking again to make sure I didn't misread the words somehow, I squeeze the magnetic plate tightly in my hand...*
Yumiko: ―Hnngh!!
Narration: *...and then hurl it to the ground with all my might.*
Amane: Aah! H-Hey, what the heck are you doing!?!
Yumiko: I'll! Show! You! What I THINK!!
Narration: *She's living in the room diagonally across from mine.*
Narration: *She sits a good distance away from me in class. We don't go to the ladies' room together, nor push our desks together during lunch...*
Narration: *And sometimes, we end up yelling angrily at each other.*
Narration: *That's about where things stand as of our third day attending Mihama Academy together.*

Date: *June XX, 2010, 14:12 - Dormitory - Rooftop*
Narration: *If you ask someone who knows me what my hobby is, the answer you're most likely to hear would be "drawing."*
Narration: *However, I'm not entirely sure if I'd refer to it that way myself.*
Narration: *There are all sorts of things one might consider "hobbies," such as watching movies or reading...*
Narration: *But I think the most important factor is whether you feel actual joy in the time you spend doing those activities.*
Narration: *And since drawing doesn't bring me any particular pleasure, I'm not sure if it falls into that category.*
Amane: Huh? Are you going somewhere, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: Yes...
Amane: ...Ah, okay. Keep an eye out for cars, then.
Narration: *The things sticking out of my tote bag probably gave away the purpose of my outing; Suou-san doesn't pursue the matter any further.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *After changing into my shoes, I walk up to our whiteboard, now bereft of "nicknames" as a result of my vigorous protests... and flip my magnetic plate to indicate that I'm "Out" of the dorm.*
Narration: *Since the email address incident, Suou-san and I haven't gotten into any further arguments.*
Narration: *We've now had nearly a week to get to know each other, and I think we've both gotten a feeling for each other's personal boundaries.*
Narration: *At the very least, I've been finding fewer reasons to sigh lately.*
Yumiko: It's all a matter of getting used to it... A bit like living in Mishima Cape, I suppose.
Narration: *This place struck me as an "inconvenient country town" at first, but I've actually grown rather fond of it.*
Narration: *The sea breeze is nicely humid, but not too muggy...*
Narration: *And the coastline isn't constantly swarming with cars.*
Narration: *In practically every respect, it's very different from any of the neighborhoods I've lived in before.*
Yumiko: And as soon as I realized that, I started finding more reasons to go out... I'm a rather simple person, aren't I?
Narration: *From the start, I knew that there were many local residents who weren't happy about Mihama Academy's presence in their midst.*
Narration: *To make matters worse, this eye-catching uniform makes it blatantly obvious that I'm a student there.*
Narration: *Because of this, among other things, I spent most of my time shut up in my room at first. But lately, I've found myself going out much more often.*
Narration: *And in the vast majority of cases, the purpose of those outings is to draw.*
Yumiko: ...Let's give this spot a try today...
Narration: *After sitting down on the riverbank, I reach into my tote bag and retrieve my sketchbook.*
Narration: *I've already decided on my subject and mentally "framed" a portion of the landscape. Within seconds, I'm starting on the initial rough sketch.*
Narration: *As I concentrate on the movement of my pencil, I can feel my mind gradually emptying itself of all conscious thought.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I'm suspended in a pure-white world, feeling neither pleasure nor discomfort.*
Narration: *It almost feels as if I'm watching myself drawing from a great distance. And for some reason, this emotionless state always leads me to remember the time I spent living in my uncle and aunt's house.*
Narration: *Every single day, they argued tirelessly over the exact same things.*
Narration: *And to escape that painfully awkward environment, I would go out into the garden and silently scratch drawings into the ground.*
Narration: *It was a hollow, pitiful "diversion." A way to kill time and avert my eyes from reality.*
Yumiko: I haven't changed at all since then, have I...?
Narration: *As the vivid memory melts away, I mutter to myself in a self-pitying tone of voice.*
Narration: *Just as my mother deposited me at that house when I was a child, I've been thrown into another unfamiliar prison in an unfamiliar city.*
Narration: *―And this time, I'm entirely on my own.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *"I'm used to being alone."*
Narration: *No matter how many times I whisper that to myself, my body doesn't seem to get the message.*
Narration: *On numerous occasions, I've spent hours trembling uncontrollably in my bed at night.*
Narration: *"If I died here and now, it's entirely possible no one would even notice."*
Narration: *In that absurdly large and empty campus, total solitude has proven far more painful than I'd anticipated.*
Narration: *I know that killing time like this isn't much of a solution to that problem.*
Narration: *If at all possible, I'd like to find some better reason to leave the Academy's grounds.*
Narration: *But right now, this is simply the best I can do.*
Narration: *So I sit here on the grass, drawing my pictures...*
Narration: *―And hoping I'll find some means of escape.*
Amane: Hmmmm? Is that you over there, Sakaki-san?
Narration: *Just as I've reached a good point to pause for the day, a voice calls out to me from behind.*
Narration: *Turning around, I see Suou-san walking toward me.*
Amane: I figured you were going out to draw, but... I guess you wanted to sketch the scenery here, huh?
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *Suou-san seems to believe that I simply enjoy drawing. And I don't want her to realize the truth.*
Narration: *Trying not to reveal my current state of mind, I respond more curtly than usual and begin gathering up my things.*
Amane: Oh, you're putting away the sketchbook... Does that mean you're done for today?
Yumiko: That's right. Why do you ask?
Amane: Mwehehehe... Well, isn't that just perfect timing...
Narration: *Flashing me a meaningful smile, Suou-san walks over to me... and a few minutes later, I find myself being pushed along past the train station.*
Yumiko: ...What... on earth is this about?
Amane: Hmm? What do you mean?
Yumiko: I want to know why you're pushing me along toward the shopping district!
Amane: Oh, right... Sorry for the hassle, but I wanted you to help me out with some shopping.
Yumiko: Shopping?
Amane: Yeah, I was thinking I should pick up some ingredients for dinner, you know?
Yumiko: ...Can't you handle that by yourself? Why do I need to accompany you?
Amane: If I tried to explain, I think it would sound kinda weird... Just tag along, okay? You'll understand eventually.
Yumiko: ...?
Narration: *Suou-san's evasiveness leaves me puzzled at first... But soon enough, the meaning of her words becomes rather obvious.*
Greengrocer: Oho? I thought I saw some gorgeous lady walkin' this way, but it's just Amane-chan! I'll give ya twenty percent off everything today, so make sure you pick somethin' up!
Amane: Whoooa, thanks! Can I get a bundle each of eggplant and tomatoes, then?
Greengrocer: You got it! Heck I'll throw in an extra radish, too!
Amane: Kyaaaaa! You're so sweeeet!!
Butcher: Amane-chan, Amane-chan! Stop by my store, too! I'll give ya lotsa freebies!
Amane: Huh!? Reaaaally? Okay then... maybe I'll buy some pork ribs.♪
Butcher: Aw, man! You're too damn cute, Amane-chan! Take some bacon, too! I just put it on the shelf!
Amane: Oh, wow! Thank yoooou!!
Fishmonger: Hey, Amane-chaaaan! We got some real fresh mackerel in stock today!
Amane: Really? Okay, well... if I buy two, would you throw in some freebies?
Fishmonger: Hahahah! You're too much, Amane-chan!
Narration: *For nearly an hour, I simply watch in astonished silence as Suou-san is barraged with attention from the local merchants. You'd think she was some celebrity touring the area for a TV program.*
Amane: So as you see, I tend to end up with more than I can carry by myself... that's why I wanted your help, Sakaki-san.
Narration: *When it's finally over, Suou-san strikes up a conversation as we're lugging her bulging plastic shopping bags back to the dorm.*
Narration: *Walking along behind her, I find myself dwelling on a rather simple question. *
Amane: I mean, it's nice that they give me so much extra stuff... but last time, I had to make a bunch of trips to the dorm and back just to get it all home...
Yumiko: ...
Amane: And the wives tend to give me pretty nasty glares when they're taking their turn behind the counter... Huh? Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: ...Why...
Amane: Hmm? Oh, right, sorry... Half the extra stuff is yours, of course.
Yumiko: That's not what I'm trying to ask!
Yumiko: It's only been one week since you arrived here, right? Why are you on such friendly terms with the locals already...?
Amane: Oh, come to think of it... the first time I stopped by the shopping district, I think most of them had pretty sour expressions on their faces.
Yumiko: ...Yes. That's just how things are, normally.
Narration: *Even now, almost no one ever says a word to me in the street, and I've been here a good two months.*
Narration: *Of course, I'm probably not the best example to be using... but it felt quite clear that the locals were shunning anyone associated with Mihama Academy.*
Amane: Well, I put my natural weapons to work. It makes all the difference, don't you think?
Narration: *With that remark, Suou-san abruptly strikes a suggestive pose.*
Narration: *To be certain, she has a remarkably voluptuous chest... and she's wearing a rather revealing outfit as well.*
Narration: *When a girl like that saunters down the street, I suppose it's only natural that men would want to chat with her.*
Yumiko: In that case, it seems like I won't be able to imitate your methods.
Amane: Oh, I dunno... You've got some pretty big boobs yourself, Sakaki-san. If you tried showing a little cleavage, I bet people would look at you a whole different way!
Yumiko: ...I'm trying to say that I don't intend to expose myself in public the way you do.
Yumiko: For one thing, students really ought to be wearing their uniforms when they leave campus.
Amane: Ah, gotcha. So that's why you're still in uniform today, huh?
Yumiko: ...Do you see a problem with that?
Amane: Not really... I'm actually kinda impressed. I did get the idea you were a well-bred little lady, but you really are a sensible sort, aren't you?
Yumiko: What? Are you making fun of me?
Amane: No, nooo! It's kind of reassuring to know we've got someone like you at Mihama, that's all.
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I'm sure that was nothing more than a casual, off-the-cuff remark.*
Narration: *But even so... it makes me a bit happy. I can't find anything to say in response.*
Amane: Man, that was so much easier with you around, Sakaki-san. Thanks for the help!
Yumiko: First things first... who exactly gave you permission to use this room...?
Narration: *From what the principal told me, they weren't planning on allowing students to use the dorm's management room.*
Amane: Ah, right... Actually, that "shelter" you told me about filled up pretty fast, so...
Yumiko: You filled up... that space underneath the stairs?
Amane: Yeah...
Narration: *―Well, that's a surprise.*
Narration: *It isn't the largest storage space, true, but you could easily fit five sizable moving boxes in there.*
Narration: *She's already filled it up in less than a week...? Just how much food is she hoarding in there?*
Amane: So anyway, I asked the principal if there were any other storage space available, and she told me to use this room...
Amane: There's a fridge in here that's big enough to hold whole cabbages, see? It's actually pretty convenient.
Yumiko: Well, given that you have a key, I suppose you're telling the truth...
Amane: Ahahahaha...
Narration: *Based on what I've seen of Suou-san over the course of this first week, there's one thing I can say with confidence.*
Narration: *The single biggest difference between us is that she knows how to get what she wants.*
Narration: *And it's not so much that she's unusually shrewd, but rather that I'm painfully inept.*
Amane: Uhm... are you a little appalled, maybe?
Yumiko: ...Yes. At myself...
Amane: Huh?
Yumiko: In any case... I'd think that buying such large quantities of food all at once might cause you some other problems, entirely apart from the matter of storage.
Amane: Oh, that's not an issue. Most of my stash is canned non-perishables, and I always count my daily calories!♪
Narration: *Suou-san offers me an enthusiastic thumbs-up... but the motion causes the excess fat at her waist to jiggle slightly, leaving her argument somewhat less than convincing.*
Narration: *That said, I think her... plumpness might actually be rather attractive to many, so I don't particularly feel like making an issue of it.*
Yumiko: ...Well, anyway. My job here is done, correct?
Amane: Ah, yeah. Thanks so much for your help today, seriously.
Yumiko: If you're genuinely grateful, I'd appreciate you finding some other method of transporting your groceries in the future.
Amane: Wow. You really are harsh, Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: You already know what to expect from me at this point, don't you?
Amane: ...Yeah, I guess.
Amane: Still, I'm gonna be my usual meddling self. I was gonna make curry for dinner tonight. Would you care to join me, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: ...I do appreciate the offer, but I'll pass.
Amane: Okay.
Narration: *For an instant, my mind flashes back to the soba incident from last week... but this time, Suou-san doesn't seem inclined to push the issue. Relieved, I turn and make my way to the door.*
Amane: In that case, take this instead.
Narration: *But then, just like a few days ago, she suddenly tosses something in my direction.*
Yumiko: ...Is this... salt candy?
Amane: Yep. I know people talk about drinking water frequently to prevent dehydration... but what's really important is keeping enough salt in your system. Did you know that?
Yumiko: Okay, but why give this to me now...?
Narration: *To be honest, I'm not sure what she expects me to do with it.*
Amane: Well, it's not like it can hurt to have a little candy around, right?
Yumiko: ...I suppose that's true.
Narration: *"It's less of a nuisance to take the things than to find some way to turn her down."*
Narration: *While I decided to accept the candy as a simple matter of self-interest, I'm surprised to feel myself feeling somewhat touched after she gently hands them over.*
Narration: *The way that girl tries to give me treats at every possible opportunity feels... a bit familiar.*
Yumiko: Something about Suou-san... reminds me of the housekeeper who lived next door to me a long time ago...
Narration: *Now, if you'd allow me to explain myself... I do have an actual reason for turning down her dinner invitation this time.*
Narration: *―Namely, I need a bath.*
Narration: *It was a rather hot day, and I spent hours sitting in the sun and helping Suou-san with her groceries. I want to get this sweat off me as quickly as possible.*
Yumiko: Phew...
Narration: *After rinsing myself off with a quick shower, I eagerly sink down into the bath.*
Narration: *We do have individual bathing facilities in our rooms, of course, but it takes some time to get a hot bath ready.*
Narration: *Far easier to just pop into the common bathroom, since it's available 24 hours a day. It really is a convenient thing.*
Yumiko: Not to mention how spacious it is...
Amane: Yep, totally. I know exaaactly what you're talking about...
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Amane: Well, hey there. Guess you wanted to take a bath too, huh?
Yumiko: S-Suou-san?
Amane: Yep! That's my name, don't wear it out!
Yumiko: ...Why are you here?
Amane: What a silly question. I'm here to take a bath, of course.
Narration: *Come to think of it, that really ought to have been obvious.*
Narration: *Until now, Mihama's lack of students meant that I had this place all to myself... But ordinarily, I'd already have run into this sort of situation multiple times by now.*
Narration: *There's nothing inherently unusual about it, but...*
Amane: ...To tell the truth, though, I was kinda looking for you. When I saw your clothes out in the dressing room, I suddenly felt like getting in myself.
Yumiko: ...I knew it. The timing was too good for it to be a coincidence.
Yumiko: But in any case, why exactly did you feel the need to come in as well?
Amane: Because a certain someone's trying very hard to avoid interacting with her new classmate.
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *In other words... since I turned down her invitation to dinner, she decided to find another way to spend some intimate time with me.*
Narration: *I can't see any other way to interpret this.*
Amane: Okay then, pardon me...
Amane: Phwaaah... feels awful good to take a load off...
Narration: *What is she, an old man?*
Amane: Ah, nnn... Mmmn...
Narration: *And now she's starting to make suggestive noises...*
Yumiko: When you realize someone else is in the bath, I think you'd normally just wait your turn...
Amane: You think?
Yumiko: I mean, what's the point of us being in here alone together? What are we supposed to talk about...?
Amane: Wanna talk about sexy stuff? That's always a popular topic with girls our age.
Yumiko: Look here, you―
Amane: Honestly, I don't really think we need to talk about anything, do we?
Yumiko: Huh...?
Amane: I mean, if everything works out okay, we're gonna be living together for another two years. With all that time ahead of us, it's gonna be a pain trying to think up something new to talk about every time we see each other, right?
Yumiko: Ah...
Amane: Bweh... hehehe....
Yumiko: What's so funny...?
Amane: Sorry, sorry. You're just too cute, Sakaki-san... I couldn't help myself...
Yumiko: ...C-Cute? What are you talking about?
Amane: I mean, c'mon. You don't know what to talk about? What are you, a shy little girl hanging out with her first boyfriend?
Yumiko: Wha―
Narration: *All of a sudden, I realize exactly how embarrassing that line really was.*
Amane: You really are a pretty straitlaced person, aren't you?
Yumiko: Why do you... have to keep making fun of me...?
Amane: I'm not making fun of you. Seriously.
Narration: *The smile on Suou-san's face is the same as ever... but for some odd reason, it convinces me that her words are sincere.*
Amane: ...Say, Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: ...What is it?
Amane: The other day, I told you I wasn't gonna ask why you're here, but... Could I take it back?
Yumiko: What do you mean by that?
Amane: Well... since you came to Mihama Academy before me, there's one thing I really feel like I need to ask you.
Amane: And once I hear the answer to this one question, I don't think I'll need to know anything else...
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I have no idea what Suou-san wants to ask me.*
Narration: *That said, if answering a single question will prevent any further pestering from her, it doesn't sound like that bad a deal.*
Yumiko: All right then. What is it you wanted to ask me?
Amane: Uhm...
Amane: Well, Sakaki-san... Did you actually choose to come to this school?
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I pause for a moment to consider the costs and benefits of replying to this question.*
Narration: *No potential negative consequences come to mind, so I decide to answer her honestly.*
Yumiko: My father made the decision for me. By the time I found out about this place, I was already enrolled.
Amane: ...I see.
Narration: *I carefully omit any reference to how I'm connected to the owners of this academy, but Suou-san doesn't pursue the matter.*
Narration: *Perhaps she really did simply want to know if I'd come here of my own free will.*
Yumiko: And what about you?
Amane: Huh? Me?
Yumiko: I think you said you came here of your own accord, didn't you?
Amane: ...Yep, that's right.
Amane: I figured I wouldn't cause anybody any trouble here... so I showed my parents the pamphlet myself.
Yumiko: ...I see.
Narration: *Imitating Suou-san's earlier response, I offer only a brief and indifferent reply.*
Narration: *"I figured I wouldn't cause anybody any trouble here."*
Narration: *There's something hidden in those words. But only she knows what it is.*
Narration: *And so, I don't ask anything else, and she doesn't say anything else.*
Narration: *That's the unspoken rule we're both going to have to follow in our time at this school.*
Amane: So anyway... that's why it was kind of a relief to find out my classmate was someone like you, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ...On the other hand, it was rather disconcerting to find out my first classmate was someone like you.
Amane: Whaaat!? Seriously!? Did I freak you out that much?
Yumiko: First of all, there was that mountain of boxes you had delivered...
Amane: Ugh...
Yumiko: And then you rode up to the gate on a motorcycle, of all things. I don't think you can blame me for being a little alarmed.
Amane: Well... The first time I showed that bike to my Ma, she did go pale as a ghost...
Yumiko: ...I would imagine so.
Amane: Ahahahaha...
Yumiko: ...
Amane: ...
Narration: *With that, our conversation peters to a halt.*
Narration: *But for some reason, I don't find the silence particularly awkward.*
Amane: ...Say, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ...What is it now?
Amane: Sorry for asking you so many questions. Seriously.
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I don't say anything in response to that apology.*
Narration: *No matter how I might try to reply, I have the feeling it would come out sounding rather meaningless.*
Amane: And another thing. It might be a little late for this now, but... I do hope we can be friends.
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: All right then. For starters, I'd appreciate it if you delayed your bath the next time you notice my clothes in the dressing room.
Amane: Sorry, but... That really doesn't sound very "friendly" to me...
Narration: *As always, our conversation's more than a little disjointed.*
Narration: *We're probably going to have many others just like it from now on.*
Narration: *But for some reason, that thought doesn't really bother me anymore.*

Date: *June XX, 2010, 16:42 - Mihama Academy - Principal's Office*
Narration: *Among the marine creatures inhabiting the Pacific Ocean around the south of Japan, there's a fish called the sheepshead wrasse.*
Narration: *The sheepshead wrasse undergoes protogyny, which means that after hatching from their eggs, they all start out as females―*
Narration: *But in due course, the biggest individual fish becomes a male and establishes itself a sizable harem.*
Narration: *When this male dies, the next-biggest fish will change its gender and assume responsibility for maintaining the harem...*
Principal: Very interesting, don't you think? Do you understand what I'm getting at?
Yumiko: ...Are you trying... to brag about watching a nature documentary on marine life?
Principal: No! I mean... yes, I did watch one, but...
Principal: I was just trying to draw a comparison between your situation and that of the sheepshead wrasse, as in, well... It's been two weeks since Suou-san arrived, so have you adapted to the change in your environment yet? That's all!
Yumiko: Then why didn't you just say so from the start...?
Principal: ...Did you say something just now?
Yumiko: No, I think you must be hearing things...
Principal: Well then, how's it going so far?
Yumiko: ...Would you care to be more specific?
Principal: How does it feel now that you have a classmate around?
Yumiko: As far as our lessons are concerned, I think having an additional student in the room has produced a number of benefits.
Yumiko: The one-on-one lectures were always a bit on the awkward side, but that's less of an issue now... and we can work together on assignments as a pair.
Principal: Right. Our instructors also informed me that they've been able to diversify their methods significantly...
Principal: And if that allows our classes to function more efficiently, we're certainly very pleased to hear it. This school does place a great deal of emphasis on academic excellence, after all.
Yumiko: So... what was it you really wanted to know?
Principal: You weighed one hundred and five pounds at the time of your admission, but I'm curious to know if―
Yumiko: ...I'm leaving now.
Principal: Oh, jeez... it was just a little joke. You don't have to get that upset.
Yumiko: Will you please just get to the point already!?
Principal: Okay then, let me cut to the chase... What's your impression of Suou-san so far? Do you think you'll be able to get along with her?
Narration: *The instant I hear that question, I can't help letting out a long sigh.*
Narration: *The purpose of this conversation is clearly to confirm whether the "chairman's daughter" has any objections to the new transfer student's continued presence.*
Yumiko: My impression of her, is it...? Well, she's something of a busybody... a bit like an old lady from the countryside, honestly.
Principal: An old lady from the countryside... right.
Narration: *Judging from the principal's firm nod of agreement, I get the feeling Suou-san probably forced some food on her during one of their recent conversations.*
Yumiko: That said, she does respect certain boundaries, and she never takes her meddling too far. The girl seems to be rather good at getting along with people in general, in fact. I wouldn't say I have any major points of concern so far.
Principal: Right. Suou-san apparently got a lot of experience dealing with people while helping out with her family's business... and she does seem like a friendly, outgoing sort.
Principal: We've actually received a number of positive comments about her from the locals in the shopping district recently. She's doing wonders for the school's image.
Yumiko: Of course. Unlike a certain pathologically introverted shut-in...
Principal: I wasn't implying anything of that sort, Sakaki-san. Please don't get sulky.
Yumiko: I'm not "getting sulky" at―
Principal: Incidentally, when I posed the same question to Suou-san, she said that you're an earnest, kind-hearted person.
Yumiko: ...Suou-san said that... about me?
Principal: Yes. So if you actually put your mind do it, I think you'd be just as popular as her in no time.
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *Suou-san said something of the sort as well, but... I can't say I'm particularly interested...*
Principal: On that note... have you two become friends already?
Yumiko: ...I don't think... that's quite the word I'd use.
Yumiko: She may feel otherwise, of course, but I'd honestly prefer to keep our relationship at the "classmate" level...
Yumiko: So if her admission was arranged with a different outcome in mind, I'm afraid it probably isn't going to work out as planned.
Principal: ...I see.
Principal: In any case... based on what I've heard from the both of you, it sounds like Suou-san's transfer has gone fairly smoothly overall.
Yumiko: ...I suppose so.
Yumiko: It would be rather silly of me to complain that you're finally admitting more students. That's really how things ought to be... the prior situation was just abnormal.
Principal: True enough. Given that this school's technically open to the public... I can't exactly argue with that assessment.
Yumiko: In other words, feel free to tell you-know-who that there weren't any problems.
Principal: ...Very well.
Narration: *Slowly rising to her feet, Principal Tachibana picks up a brown envelope from her desk and turns back to me.*
Principal: Now that I've heard your thoughts, I have an important announcement to make. 
Yumiko: An important announcement? Don't tell me―
Principal: That's right. We've got one more new student coming, right on Suou-san's heels.
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*
Yumiko: I do understand that I don't have the right to express my opinions on the way this school operates... but honestly, isn't this a bit too soon?
Principal: Actually, I don't think that's the case.
Principal: We haven't informed you of this previously, but Mihama Academy officially started recruiting for new students as of last May.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Principal: When you first arrived here, part of the main school building was still under construction... and that work completed at the end of May, correct?
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *As of early April, a section of the building was still wrapped in soundproof sheeting, and a number of the classrooms were unavailable for my use.*
Narration: *What's more, they hadn't even commenced work on the lecture hall or the library. There were a number of gaping holes in the ground all across the campus.*
Yumiko: In other words... you started looking for students immediately after completing the most basic of the school's facilities?
Principal: Very soon thereafter, we received quite a considerable number of applications...
Principal: And Suou-san was the first candidate to be chosen, following a lengthy and extensive screening process.
Yumiko: A considerable number...?
Narration: *I do have some idea of what their selection criteria might be, but it's a bit surprising to hear they received so many applications.*
Principal: In addition... the chairman of the board has indicated that he would like us to enroll more students in an expedient manner.
Yumiko: ...Not surprising.
Narration: *This school is the personal property of the East Beach Railway Group, an organization that's infamous for prioritizing profits over the sentiments of local residents.*
Narration: *Rapidly increasing Mihama's number of students is the simplest possible way for them to recoup the losses they're incurring from its operation.*
Yumiko: Well then... what sort of transfer student will be joining us this time?
Principal: It's another young woman, just like you and Suou-san.
Amane: ...And her name's... Michiru Matsushima-san, huh?
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *A few hours later, I've called Suou-san to my room to inform her about the new transfer student.*
Yumiko: She's a first year, and the same age as me... but it seems we'll all still be in one class.
Amane: Yeah, I kind of figured. What kind of person is this Matsushima-san, though?
Yumiko: She's a blonde with long pigtails, and she looks like a rather energetic girl.
Amane: Erm... is that it? They didn't tell you anything else? Like... about her personality?
Yumiko: ...I didn't ask for any details.
Amane: You didn't? Why not?
Yumiko: Would you prefer to hear all about every skeleton in her closet before we even meet her? No matter how awkward that might make things?
Amane: Ah...
Amane: Yeah, you're right. I wasn't thinking... sorry...
Narration: *I do understand. You can tell yourself to mind your own business, but at times like these, curiosity can get the better of you.*
Narration: *This is the second time around for me, so I suppose it's a bit easier for me to keep my calm.*
Yumiko: That said, the administration would have let us know in advance if there's anything we really needed to be aware of... Since they didn't feel the need to do so, I don't think we have much to be particularly worried about.
Amane: Gotcha. I guess I was just hoping she might be someone like you, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ...I certainly hope she's not anywhere near as cantankerous as me. I think I'd tear my hair out.
Amane: Well... at least you've got some self-awareness...
Narration: *Soon enough, as the two of us continue to speculate wildly about the new transfer student, her moving boxes arrive at the dormitory - and the day of her arrival quickly follows.*
Date: *July XX, 2010, 11:58 - Mihama Academy - Front Gate*
Amane: ...
Amane: ...!
Amane: Okay, uhm... are you really sure Matsushima-san is supposed to be arriving today?
Narration: *It's a day off from school, but we got up bright and early, put on our uniforms, and went out to wait in front of the gate. It's now been nearly two hours.*
Narration: *Finally running out of patience, Suou-san breaks the silence with a pointed question.*
Principal: Yes... today is definitely the date they specified, and she was scheduled to arrive at ten o'clock in the morning.
Amane: That's nice and all, but she's two hours late at this point, you know?
Amane: Maybe she spotted a really sweet sports car in that lot by the highway and can't bring herself to leave it...?
Principal: That might be plausible if we were talking about you, Suou-san... but we can't rule out the possibility that she's gotten herself in some kind of trouble...
Yumiko: Why don't you try giving her a call, then? I assume you have her contact information.
Principal: That's true. I think it's about time I checked in.
Narration: *With that, the principal takes out her phone and places a call, but there doesn't seem to be any answer.*
Principal: Nope... She's not picking up...
Yumiko: Well, what do we do now?
Amane: I don't really think there's any point in us continuing to wait, is there...?
Principal: I suppose you're right...
Narration: *"At this rate, we might end up standing out here until dusk."*
Narration: *Having reached that conclusion, Principal Tachibana ultimately decided that we should return to the dorm for the time being.*
Narration: *In the end, the transfer student never did show up that day...*
Narration: *And nearly an entire week would pass before she finally arrived.*
Michiru: Mnhaah... Haah... Haah...
Michiru: Gasp... *Wheeze*... Gasp...
Narration: *Urged out of the dorm by a frantic Principal Tachibana, we arrive at the front gate to find an utterly exhausted young woman standing next to a taxi.*
Michiru: Abwaah... Ubwooh...
Narration: *Her blonde pigtails sway limply in the air... as does the tendril of drool hanging from her mouth.*
Narration: *It's hard to make out, but she seems to be muttering incoherently under her breath.*
Michiru: ―Funnughh!
Narration: *All of a sudden, she forcefully wipes the drool from her mouth, looks up...*
Michiru: My name is Michiru Matsushima! I-It's not like I'm transferring in here for your sake or anything!
Narration: *...and offers us this puzzling declaration.*
Amane: ......
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: ...H-Huh? Nothing? Seriously?
Michiru: That's weird... It went over really well at my last school... I didn't mess up the intonation or anything, right...?
Michiru: C'mon, people! I just hit you with my very best tsundere! Can't you at least give me some kind of a reaction?
Amane: Huh? Uhm, okay... let's see... O-Oh man, not a tsundere...
Michiru: Perfect! That's exactly what I was looking for!
Michiru: You've clearly got potential. I'll grant you special permission to call me "Michiru-sama," okay?
Amane: ...What?
Michiru: Puh leaze... cor me... Michiru-sama! Yep!
Amane: ...
Amane: Uhm... Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: Yes?
Amane: What should I do...? I kind of want to smack this girl...
Yumiko: What a coincidence. I'm actually feeling rather annoyed myself. No need to hold back.
Michiru: Hey, hey! Don't go giving her permission! No hitting, okay!? Why are things getting so violent all of a sudden!?
Principal: Honestly now! Will you three please calm down!?
Principal: Right now, the most important thing is where on earth Matsushima-san has been for the last week!
Michiru: Yep! That's exactly what I wanted you to ask!
Michiru: Uhhm... You're not wearing a uniform, but you're a student too, right? In that case, you can feel free to call me "Michiru-sama" as well.
Principal: ...All of a sudden, I think I understand exactly how you feel, Suou-san...
Amane: Okay then, I'll do the honors...
Michiru: Wha!? Come on, cut it out with that! Seriously, why is everyone in this school so violent!?
Narration: *"Because you're unbelievably annoying!"*
Narration: *Somehow, the three of us manage to hold back the urge to fire off this obvious retort. Our first priority at the moment is hearing the transfer student's story.*
Michiru: Hooo... Fwahaaah...
Narration: *Settling down on the sofa in the lobby, the blonde girl exhales deeply as if to expel the fatigue from her body.*
Michiru: Hmm... whoops... there we go...
Narration: *Immediately thereafter, she begins to remove a number of small... accessories she'd been wearing and places them on the table.*
Narration: *Soon enough, there's a pile of decorative objects sitting in front of her, varying from a small poster board full of handwritten messages to a colorful origami necklace.*
Yumiko: I'd been wondering about those... what exactly are they?
Michiru: I-It's not like I brought them here to show you or anything! Don't get the wrong idea!
Yumiko: ...So annoying...
Michiru: Heeey! Don't call me "annoying"! I have feelings, too, you know!?
Yumiko: In that case, could you stop reacting to everything we say in that tediously predictable way?
Michiru: Not an option! I'm a tsundere to the core, you see!
Yumiko: ...Haaah.
Narration: *Letting out a sigh reminiscent of those I was heaving immediately after Suou-san's arrival, I decide to stop even trying to understand this nonsense.*
Michiru: So anyway... You guys are curious about these things, right?
Narration: *She points at the objects on the table.*
Amane: Well... yeah, I guess I am...
Michiru: R-Really? If you insist, I suppose I'll just have to explain...
Michiru: It's kind of a long story, but... I guess you could call these symbols of friendship.
Principal: ...Friendship?
Michiru: Yeah... We didn't have much time together, but I'll never forget them... never...!
Principal: I-I see...
Michiru: Well, I guess you have to know what I've gone through over the last week before you can really understand...
Narration: *Looking off wistfully into the distance for no apparent reason, the transfer student slowly begins to tell the tale of her mysterious journey.*
Michiru: One week ago... I hopped down onto the platform at Yokohama Station, eager to explore a new town, tour my new school, and meet new tsunderes...
Michiru: As I left the station, I flagged down the first taxi I saw and spoke cheerfully to the driver...
Michiru: "One adult ticket to Mihama Academy!"
Principal: ...One... adult ticket...?
Amane: Okay... I've already got a really bad feeling about this...
Michiru: I'm not boasting or anything, but I can't read maps for the life of me, and I didn't really know where this school was. So I figured a taxi was the way to go!
Michiru: Anyway, the driver said "You got it, ma'am!" with a big smile on his face... but instead of bringing me here, he went to a different "Mihama Academy" entirely...
Principal: Uhhhm... Are you saying you transferred into the wrong school?
Michiru: Well... that's pretty much what happened, yeah.
Principal: I-I see...
Michiru: So anyway, I was introduced to my new class as a mid-year transfer student. But instead of doing the usual "nice to meet you" thing, I hit them with that tsundere line I just showed you guys.
Michiru: It was a huge hit, too! Every single time I said or did anything, all my classmates would burst out laughing!
Amane: Uhm, are you sure they were laughing with you... and not laughing at you...?
Michiru: Also, everything they were teaching in class felt like it was stuff I'd already learned before...
Principal: ...Don't tell me... it was a middle school?
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Principal: Bwaha... ahahaha...!
Michiru: And eventually, by the time I'd memorized all of my classmates' names, I noticed something weird...
Michiru: For some reason, my uniform was completely different from everyone else's.
Amane: Uh, why did it take you that long to notice...?
Michiru: I asked Miyoko-chan, the girl who sat next to me, about it... and that was the beginning of the end.
Michiru: Turns out the school I'd spent a week attending wasn't even the right Mihama Academy. They write their name with the kanji for "three beaches," instead of the kanji for "beautiful beach."
Michiru: When I told the teachers, they helped me get things set up for another transfer right away... and the next day, the whole class threw me a big goodbye party.
Michiru: These things are the presents they gave me as I left. Pretty amazing story, don't you think?
Amane: Uh, yeah... That's... really something, all right...
Michiru: So anyway, using the map my teacher drew for me, I set out on my long hike here.
Amane: Wait, you walked all the way here!?
Michiru: ...Well, I spent most of my money on that first taxi trip.
Amane: ......
Michiru: In the end, I somehow made it to Mishima Station alive. That's when the driver of that taxi came to the rescue.
Principal: That certainly explains why your clothes are so filthy... and why you're so exhausted...
Michiru: Yeah, I got attacked by crows and chased around by wild dogs on my way over here. It was one heck of an adventure, let me tell you!
Amane: ...Uhm, Matsushima-san...
Michiru: Yeah?
Amane: After hearing that story, there's something I really think I need to ask you... do you mind?
Michiru: Ooh, no problem! I'd be glad to answer any questions you might have!
Amane: Well, hmm... it's actually a little awkward saying this to your face, but...
Michiru: Go on, go on...
Amane: ...Are you... an idiot or what?
Michiru: ...You don't have to point that out, okay...? I've been slowly realizing it myself...
Narration: *All of a sudden, that confident smile gives way to a painfully forlorn expression.*
Narration: *Something about the way her voice trembles makes me think that we're only now getting a glimpse at Matsushima Michiru's true nature.*
Michiru: ...So this lady in the suit is the principal, not a student?
Principal: That's right! I'm not a student, and I'm not a flower girl either! Sorry to repeat myself!
Michiru: Ugh... Look, I know it's my fault for jumping to conclusions, but... I feel like you're a little too angry about this...
Narration: *Now that the transfer student's tale of "adventure" has come to an end, we've moved on to introducing ourselves in turn.*
Amane: Guess I'm next up. My name's Suou Amane. I'm a second year, and―
Michiru: That makes this girl over here "Friend A," right?
Yumiko: Who are you calling "Friend A"!?
Michiru: Sorry... Friend B?
Yumiko: I'm Sakaki Yumiko... a first year...
Michiru: Uh-huh... Amane and Yumiko, huh? Got it. No problem.
Yumiko: ...You're using my first name already?
Michiru: Well, we're in the same grade, right?
Yumiko: I suppose... that's true, but...
Narration: *Her argument isn't exactly wrong.*
Narration: *But even so, it seems a bit overfamiliar to start using our names so casually right after we've introduced ourselves.*
Amane: Uh, just for the record, I'm actually older than you...
Michiru: S-So what? Don't get the wrong idea... it's not like I'm interested in you or anything!
Amane: ...Okay, I think we've had enough of that...
Michiru: C'mon, don't shoot me down like that!
Michiru: You don't seem like the sort of person who wants to be addressed all formally, so I was trying to keep things casual! Is this how you repay me?
Amane: Ah, yeah... you're not wrong about that. In that case, mind if I call you "Michiru" as well?
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait, just Michiru?
Amane: Oh... would you prefer Matsushima-san after all?
Michiru: No, no! Why didn't you go with Michiru-sama!? That's totally where the conversation was going!
Amane: Wait, seriously...?
Michiru: I mean, everyone loved calling me that at the other Mihama Academy, you know?
Amane: Didn't we go over this already? They were just making fun of you...
Michiru: ...Really...? You weren't trying to trick me...?
Amane: Uh, why would I even lie about something like that?
Michiru: But they wrote all sorts of nice messages on my poster board... like "I'm totally going to call you!" and "Remember to email me!" and stuff...
Amane: ...Okay, but did any of them actually tell you their email address?
Michiru: Uh, now that you mention it... I don't think so...
Amane: ...
Michiru: H-Huh...?
Principal: W-Well, in any case! As of today, you're a student of Mihama Academy! That's what really matters, right?
Michiru: Y-Yeah, totally! A new beginning always comes with a few farewells...
Michiru: And on that note... good to meet you, Amane! You too, Yumiko!
Amane: N-Nice to meet you...
Yumiko: ...The pleasure's all mine.
Narration: *I don't think I've ever met anyone quite as wild and unpredictable as this girl.*
Narration: *It takes a genuine effort of will to suppress my misgivings long enough to offer her a blandly polite response.*
Principal: Well then, why don't we head up to the second floor? Before anything else, I think Matsushima-san needs to pick out her room.
Michiru: Ooh, okay! I want a tsundere room!
Principal: E-Er... what kind of a room would that be, exactly?
Michiru: A corner room with no neighbors on either side... like the sensitive heart of a young girl who can't help pushing away the people she loves!  
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *Gazing at Matsushima Michiru's swaying pigtails, I find myself reaching a certain conclusion.*
Narration: *Our new classmate is exactly the kind of person I have the hardest time getting along with...*
Narration: *The kind of person who won't hesitate to step right into your private space, ignoring all the boundaries you've set up around yourself.*
Narration: *Unless I'm very much mistaken, getting to know her might be even more painful than it was with Suou-san.*
Yumiko: I'm not some deep-sea fish, unfortunately... adapting to my environment isn't exactly an option...
Narration: *...And once again, I would soon learn that my intuition was right on the money.*

Date: *July XX, 2010, 09:10 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Math Teacher: Hmm... Well then, Matsushima, what's the answer to this problem?
Michiru: I don't know!
Math Teacher: You need to give it some thought first. Even if you don't know the answer, at least try to reason it out.
Michiru: W-Well, all right then... if you insist, I suppose I might give it a little thought next time. Maybe!
Math Teacher: ...Go stand in the hall for a while.
Michiru: Okay...
Narration: *Many women have a hard time giving birth the first time around, but find their second child a great deal easier.*
Narration: *Apparently, that also applies when accepting transfer students. Matsushima-san's move into the dorms and her tour around campus went quite smoothly, and she started attending classes the very next week.*
Michiru: Mnaaaaghh!!!
Narration: *A few minutes before our second class of the day is scheduled to begin, Matsushima-san lets out a peculiar shriek and abruptly dashes back into the classroom.*
Amane: Whoa! You startled me...
Michiru: I can't believe I forgot! ...But seriously, though, standing in the hall really tires you out... Look how swollen my legs are... 
Amane: What's up? Did you leave your brain behind at your old school?
Michiru: Okay... you said that real casually, but it was actually super mean, you know?
Amane: Haha, sorry... It's just hilarious watching you in class, Michiru...
Michiru: W-What do you want me to do? Studying just isn't my thing! Tsunderes aren't supposed to be any good at school anyway, you know!?
Amane: I'm not sure I really get the logic there, but whatever... Here, how about I give you a cookie by way of apology?
Michiru: Hm? Is this one of those Country Ma'am cookies?
Amane: Yeah, something like that. I finally unpacked my oven the other day, so I wanted to bake something to make sure it was working.
Michiru: Hmm... I didn't know you could do stuff like that, Amane. You're a cooking girl, huh?
Amane: What the heck is a "cooking girl" supposed to be...?
Michiru: Nom nom nom... Wow, this really is good... Wait a second! This is no time for me to be sitting around eating cookies!
Amane: Oh, right. Didn't you say you'd forgotten all about something?
Michiru: Yeah! Our addresses! Our address exchange!
Amane: Uh, you're talking about... our email addresses, right? Are you okay with telling me yours?
Michiru: C'mon, of course I am! It's not really that big a deal, is it? *Gasp*...! Don't get the wrong idea, though... it's not like I have a thing for you or anything!
Amane: M-Michiruu...
Michiru: Oh geez... Why the heck are you getting all teary-eyed? Are you even less popular than me or something?
Amane: No... It's just... my preconceptions about exchanging email addresses were kinda challenged recently... But it really is just the normal thing to do, right...?
Michiru: ...Huh?
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *As Suou-san dramatically pinches the corners of her eyes, Matsushima-san looks on with an expression of mild bewilderment.*
Narration: *I know keeping quiet is just going to make things worse for me, but I can't bring myself to dignify this nonsense with a response.*
Michiru: ...Okay, got it. That just leaves Yumiko!
Amane: ......
Amane: Well, Sakaki-san... you heard the girl, right? What are you going to do?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *I respond by waving my hand dismissively.*
Amane: Figured as much...
Michiru: Hm? What do you mean by that?
Amane: Well, you see...
Narration: *Now that I've communicated my refusal, Suou-san intercedes on my behalf.*
Narration: *She's probably stepping in because she assumes I don't know how to deal with Matsushima-san. And for once, I'm grateful for her meddling.*
English Teacher: Mm, Miss Matsushima... I need to have a word with you. It's about the way you wrote your name on yesterday's little test...
Michiru: My name? I'm pretty sure I wrote it "Michiru Matsushima," like you're supposed to in English...
English Teacher: Your order was fine, but the spelling was a bit off...
English Teacher: This would read "Michoru Matsujima," you see? Please try to learn how to write your own name, at least.
Michiru: Auuugh... I'm shorrry...
Narration: *Fortunately, Matsushima-san spent most of the next class period cringing in her seat like a vampire trapped in a church, so there was no further disruption of our studies.*
Narration: *July, 2010, 11:08 - Mihama Academy - Athletic Grounds*
Michiru: *Sigh*... I can't take this... it's so friggin' hot! Sure wish we had a maid to serve us some nice cold drinks right about now...
Amane: Geez, somebody's not too enthusiastic... Wasn't PE your favorite class, Michoru?
Michiru: Stop calling me that!
Michiru: My name is Michiru Matsushima, for your information. And yes, I don't mind PE class. But that doesn't mean I want to exercise outside in the blazing sun!
Yumiko: I'd have to agree with you on that one.
Michiru: See? Us modern kids are all indoor people! 
Amane: Bummer... You seemed like a more athletic type, so I was kinda thinking it might be fun to have a little competition...
Michiru: ...A competition?
Amane: Yep. I was thinking baseball. If you get a hit off me, you win. Otherwise, I win.
Michiru: Hohoh... Of all the sports you could've chosen, you picked the one I'm especially talented at! Very well, then. I accept your challenge.
Amane: Well, I sorta had the feeling you might be good at baseball... but don't go counting your chickens before they're hatched, okay?
Amane: I played plenty of sandlot games with the boys back home, and they used to call me the Two-Seamer Queen.
Michiru: W-Well, I had a special nickname, too! Everyone called me the Deadly Dud!
Yumiko: That, uh... doesn't sound particularly positive...
Narration: *Now that we're up to three students, I'd been hoping that our PE classes might become a bit less tedious.*
Narration: *Most physical activities you're expected to learn in school are team sports of some kind. The more people you have playing, the better.*
Narration: *Or so I thought, at least...*
Amane: Okay, here comes the first pitch!
Amane: ―Uryaaaaaa!!
Michiru: Hmph! A sidearm pitch!? To my eyes, that ball might as well be frozen in midair!
Michiru: ―Ndashaaaa!!!
Amane: Wait, she hit that!? Sakaki-san, catch it for me!
Yumiko: ...There's no way I'm going to make it all the way over there if I start running now.
Michiru: Yeah...
Narration: *At the end of the day, three people still isn't really enough to do much of anything. It soon becomes clear that we'll need at least two additional players for this sort of thing.*
Narration: *In any case... little by little, we'd begun to adjust to the changes in our environment.*
Narration: *As it turned out, the first real major event following Matsushima's arrival would be an abrupt dinner party of sorts.*
Date: *July XX, 2010, 19:22 - Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: Bleeeph! Haa... haa... haa... peh! Pweh, pweh!!
Amane: Sorry, Michiru, but... what exactly is the matter with you? Can you not enter a room like a normal person?
Michiru: That's not it! I just went out to buy some stuff, and the insects flying around the lights by the store started following me around!
Michiru: Ugh, seriously... my hair isn't a frigging bug zapper, you know...?
Amane: Not sure how to put this, but... you really are the center of attention everywhere you go, aren't you...?
Michiru: Aw, geez... You're making me blush...
Amane: ...Anyway, what were you out buying at this hour? 
Michiru: Food, of course. I got myself a garlic chicken bento and a deluxe pudding with a slice of melon on top.
Amane: Hold on a second... Do you just eat takeout from the convenience store for dinner?
Michiru: Yeah, most of the time. Girls who can cook are in the minority these days, you know?
Amane: Still... You're not gonna have a very balanced diet if you eat those things every single day.
Michiru: I'm not worrying about any of that until I'm a grown-up. My body's pretty sturdy, and I don't gain weight no matter how much I eat.
Amane: ...I wouldn't mention that in front of Sakaki-san. She's been pretty self-conscious about her weight lately.
Michiru: Hmm... It doesn't look like she needs to worry about it that much, though.
Amane: Yeah, I agree... Dieting too much isn't good for you anyway. And once your skin starts getting rough, it's really hard to get it to heal...
Amane: Wait a second... Why don't I use that as my excuse to rope her in...? Yeah, that'll totally work! Suou Amane, you are a genius!
Michiru: Huh? What are you even talking about...?
Amane: Heheh... Sorry for the short notice, but I'm gonna be making you both dinner tomorrow!
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait... huh?
Narration: *July, 2010, 19:36 - Dormitory - Amane's Room*
Yumiko: And why do I have to participate in this gathering, exactly?
Amane: Well, I know you're not really into this kind of thing, but... There's only three of us in this dorm, so it would be kind of awkward to just leave out one person, right?
Yumiko: I wouldn't particularly care...
Michiru: Wait, I get it. You've got religious reasons, right? Did your high priest tell you to keep away from the unbelievers?
Yumiko: Don't be ridiculous!
Amane: But seriously, Sakaki-san... you've mostly just been having instant food for dinner lately, right?
Yumiko: H-How do you know that...?
Amane: Uh, well... I wasn't trying to spy on you or anything, but... I couldn't help noticing when I took out the trash.
Yumiko: ...Ugh!
Narration: *I'd gotten too used to being the only person in this building... and now it's coming back to bite me.*
Amane: And that's why I've prepared a nice healthy dinner for us today. It's about the most nutritious meal you'll find this side of a health-food company cafeteria!
Yumiko: Now that you mention it...
Narration: *The dishes on the table almost all seem to contain a good deal of vivid green and yellow vegetables.*
Amane: And anyway, this is also kind of a welcoming party for Michiru, so I really wanted all three of us here.
Michiru: Huh...?
Amane: We hadn't really done anything like that for you yet, right? Back when I transferred in, I made Sakaki-san a little soba.
Yumiko: She didn't give me much choice in the matter, I might add...
Amane: Still, I'm definitely glad I made the effort.
Yumiko: ...
Michiru: I'm sorry, Amane... I thought all big-breasted girls were my enemy, but I guess I had the wrong idea...
Amane: I'm glad that weird little misunderstanding's been cleared up... Incidentally, is there anything you can't eat?
Michiru: Nope! I can eat anything... as long as it's tasty!
Yumiko: ...What a child...
Michiru: Hmm? Did you say something?
Yumiko: No...
Narration: *I may be an unsociable misanthrope, but I'm not about to deliberately upset the guest of honor for no real reason.*
Narration: *Moving my gaze to the table in front of us, I find myself admiring the food. It's rather remarkable that someone my own age made a meal like this singlehandedly.*
Michiru: Did you... make all of these, Amane...?
Amane: Well, yeah. But only because it's a special occasion. It's not like I get this elaborate every day.
Michiru: Why don't you drop out and become a chef, then? I bet you could get a pretty good review from that tire company...
Amane: Nah, that's not gonna happen. At the end of the day, my stuff is just "home cooking," you know? I wouldn't stand a chance against a real pro.
Michiru: Really? Nom nom nom... But this nabe's, like, seriously good. It's a bit spicy, but... Whoa... that's HOT! This is super spicy!!
Amane: Heh. I kinda figured you might go for that one first...
Michiru: Well, of course I did! You put it out in front of everything else deliberately, didn't you?
Amane: Yeah, sort of. I thought you might be happier starting off with something you could overreact to.
Michiru: I'm not some kind of slapstick comedian here, okay!? I'm just a plain old tsundere!
Michiru: Anyway... it's definitely spicy, but this is still pretty good... nom nom...
Amane: Ahaha. Glad to hear that. Guess it was worth the effort of dialing the spiciness up to eleven!
Michiru: Wait, what!? Why didn't you just make it normally!?
Yumiko: Sigh...
Narration: *Considering there's only three of us in attendance, this is one awfully noisy welcoming party.*
Narration: *It's a bit odd that all of us are even sticking around, given the slapdash nature of the affair.*
Amane: Okay, so I just wanted to put this out there... How would you two feel about me cooking for all of us from now on?
Yumiko: ...I see. So that's what this was about.
Michiru: Hm? What'd you... Gah, spicy!
Amane: I don't want to be mean or anything, but... I'm starting to get a little worried about your diets, you know?
Amane: There's not that big a difference between cooking for one and cooking for three. And once you get to four people, it's actually easier, since you don't have to worry about your leftover ingredients.
Amane: So basically, I was thinking I could start making dinner for you two... assuming you don't mind, of course.
Yumiko: ...I see.
Narration: *To be certain, having my meals prepared for me is a rather attractive proposal... but I don't feel inclined to accept.*
Michiru: Hmm, it's really nice of you to offer, but I think I'm gonna pass.
Amane: Okay.... Would you mind telling me why?
Michiru: I mean, the food you make is really tasty, and it would save me the trouble of going out to buy dinner...
Michiru: But making you cook for me every single day would kinda... make me uncomfortable.
Yumiko: I agree. Even if we did need someone to make sure we're eating properly, I think it would be best to hire someone appropriately qualified for the job.
Amane: ...I see.
Michiru: That said, I definitely wouldn't mind getting everyone together for a meal like this every once in a while. Would that be okay with you, Yumiko?
Yumiko: ...Well, if it's only once in a while.
Amane: Okay, understood. If you two both feel that way, I'll drop it.
Michiru: Now that we've got that settled... I'd like some seconds, please!
Amane: Whoa, you sure can pack it away... Okay, do you want pressed barley or white rice?
Michiru: Barley, please!
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I'd been willing to damage my relationships with my classmates in order to avoid this sort of thing, but it wasn't really so bad this time. Maybe it wouldn't hurt to play along every once in a while.*
Narration: *Now that I think about it... despite my initial concerns regarding Matsushima-san, we haven't had any major issues so far. Perhaps I'd been a bit too pessimistic in general.*
Narration: *But just as I began to consider holding a brighter view of the situation, things would take a sudden turn for the worse...*
Narration: *July, 2010, 12:34 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Michiru: Yumiko, Amane's inviting us to lunch. You're coming along, right?
Yumiko: Sorry, but I'm going to pass this time.
Michiru: What the heck? Are you a tsundere now? Wait, I'm the tsundere here!
Michiru: ...Huh?
Yumiko: ...Anyway, I'm having lunch alone today.
Michiru: Wait! Hold on a minute, Yumiko! We're not done―
Amane: Hey, c'mon. No reason she has to come, right? It's fine.
Michiru: But this sort of thing isn't any fun unless everyone's into it...
Amane: Well, that aside... your elective class is art, right? Did you remember to bring your supplies?
Michiru: Of course I did... They're all right... Uh... huh? I can't find my paintbrush... Wait, am I being bullied!? This is that sneaky kind of harassment that girls' schools are infamous for, right!?
Yumiko: Stop talking nonsense. Here, use this.
Michiru: T-Thanks... But don't get the wrong idea, okay? I still don't care about you or anything!
Yumiko: ...What a coincidence. I feel exactly the same...
Michiru: Seriously, though... I always thought you were prickly as a cactus, but you can actually be pretty nice sometimes. I'm gonna make this up to you, I promise!
Yumiko: Is that so? I'm not expecting much, but feel free to try.
Michiru: Guh, right back to tsundere mode...
Narration: *That day, I helped her out on a whim, then brushed off her annoying reaction as usual.*
Narration: *It was a truly trivial incident.*
Narration: *No matter how you look at it, there's nothing particularly special about lending a few supplies to your classmate.*
Narration: *However, I'd neglected to consider that some people might choose to interpret the matter entirely differently.*
Narration: *July, 2010, 20:13 - Dormitory - Corridor*
Michiru: Yumikooo! You're in there, right?
Yumiko: ...Could you please not shout my name so loudly at this hour?
Michiru: Oh, hey! You were in your room after all!
Yumiko: Well? What do you want?
Michiru: Are you having trouble with anything?
Yumiko: What on earth does that mean...?
Michiru: You lent me your brushes the other day, remember? And now I'm here to pay you back. Behold my Tsundere Gratitude!
Yumiko: This is awfully sudden, I have to say...
Narration: *Something about the way she stuck the word "tsundere" into that sentence gives me a rather bad feeling about this.*
Michiru: Ah, but you'd better not ask me to lend you money. I'm not trying to brag, but I'm totally penniless!
Yumiko: That really isn't something to brag about...
Michiru: Well, if you don't need my help now, that's fine. Just let me know if you ever have any problems!
Yumiko: ...Sure. If I ever need help with anything, I'll go talk to you.
Michiru: Yeah. You do that!
Narration: *I assumed she'd probably forget about it soon enough if I just left it at that.*
Narration: *But contrary to my expectations... Matsushima-san has been bombarding me with questions ever since.*
Michiru: Hmmm! Yumiko... you've got a problem on your hands, don't you? I can tell from the look on your face!
Yumiko: I can't say that I do, actually.
Michiru: Oh, Yumiko. Run into any problems yet?
Yumiko: ...Not yet.
Michiru: C'mon, Yumikoooo... There's gotta be something you need help with by now, right? Riiight?
Yumiko: The only "problem" that currently comes to mind is the fact that you're following me around constantly...
Michiru: L-Let's try to find something else, okay...?
Yumiko: ...Listen, I'll come straight to you if I run into any problems. So just wait patiently until then, please.
Michiru: Oookay...
Narration: *After this, there was a brief period of calm. But just as magma that builds up underneath the surface of the earth eventually erupts...*
Narration: *A stubborn idiot who finds herself frustrated at every turn will eventually take action in the most unpredictable of ways.*
Michiru: So you see, Yumiko just won't give me a chance to repay her...
Amane: Hmm... this might not be what you want to hear, but do you really have to do this?
Michiru: Of course I do! Even since that day, I've had this itchy feeling deep down in my chest... I can't even sleep at night!
Amane: I know I'm not exactly one to talk, but you have a seriously troublesome personality, don't you...?
Michiru: I'm a tsundere to the core, that's all!
Amane: Sounds like the definition of "troublesome" to me... Anyway, uh... You want something that would make Sakaki-san happy, huh...?
Michiru: Anything at all! Like... maybe I could braid her hair for her in the morning? Or help her bleach it?
Amane: ...Those are the things YOU want help with, aren't they?
Michiru: Oh, but just to be clear... I won't badmouth people on the internet or tell lies to anyone's parents, okay?
Michiru: Whatever else you might say about me, I'm an ethical tsundere!
Amane: Okay, hold on... just what kind of person do you think Sakaki-san is...?
Michiru: ...A girl going through her rebellious phase a little late?
Amane: That's... actually a pretty good description...
Michiru: Look, forget that! This isn't the time! Don't you have any ideas at all?
Amane: Hm, I do have one thing in mind... But I don't know if it'll be any help.
Michiru: That's fine! That's good enough! Just tell me!
Narration: *July, 2010, 16:55 - Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: Ah, there you are! I've been looking for you, Yuuumikooo.♪
Yumiko: ...You seem awfully cheerful today. What is it?
Michiru: Mnfufu... A little bird told me you like computer stuff. Is that true?
Yumiko: A little bird named Suou-san, perhaps?
Michiru: Yep. That's why I'm thinking about cleaning your computer.
Yumiko: That's all right. Don't bother...
Michiru: Muh. Are you trying to out-tsundere me again?
Yumiko: What? Of course not. Don't get the wrong idea, please.
Michiru: Nhehe. Got it! Wouldn't want to get the "wrong idea," would we?
Yumiko: ...?
Yumiko: In any case, computers contain a great deal of very personal information these days. No one wants other people to touch theirs, let alone "clean" them.
Michiru: Yep, yep! You're absolutely right!
Yumiko: Am I making myself clear? Under no circumstances should you touch my computer. In fact, don't even come into my room.
Michiru: Got it, got it. No touching, no entering. Sure thing!
Yumiko: ...Good. I appreciate your understanding.
Yumiko: Well then, I'm going to be heading out for a bit.
Michiru: Have a good daaay! Take caaaare!♪
Narration: *In hindsight, Matsushima-san's peculiar behavior should have made me a great deal more suspicious.*
Narration: *Taken in by her apparent show of understanding, I headed right out the door to do a bit of shopping.*
Yumiko: ...Phew.
Narration: *With my chores taken care of for the day, I return to my room; as always, I head straight over to my computer and turn it on.*
Narration: *After the hard drive has finished making its usual sound, the home screen pops up... and I realize that something is terribly wrong.*
Yumiko: What is this...?
Yumiko: All the desktop icons disappeared... except for "My Computer"...
Narration: *I can feel the blood draining instantly from my face.*
Narration: *Since there was no error message during the boot-up, this probably isn't some kind of glitch. Someone actually logged onto my PC and deleted those icons.*
Yumiko: Don't tell me―
Narration: *A sick feeling of dismay churning in my stomach, I click around with the mouse... and find that my hard drive has indeed been reformatted.*
Narration: *Not even in my wildest dreams did I imagine that someone would actually enter my room and do something so unspeakable to my computer.*
Narration: *I guess in some sense, this is my fault for leaving my door unlocked and not password-protecting my computer.*
Narration: *But even so―*
Yumiko: Maaatsushimaaa...
Narration: *The instant the culprit's face floats up in my mind, I burst out of the room.*
Michiru: Uwaah!? What's wrong, Yumiko? Don't you know how scary it is to have a door right next to you just swing open like that?
Amane: We're heading to the bathroom now... Do you want to come along?
Yumiko: I'm sorry, but you'll have to cancel those plans... I have some business with Matsushima-san at the moment...
Michiru: Some business? Oh, I get it. You saw what I did, right? Bet you weren't expecting that!
Yumiko: ...! Come with me! Right now!!
Narration: *Trying to suppress the urge to knock Matsushima-san flat, I grab her by the collar and forcefully drag her across the hall.*
Michiru: Gweegh! Wa... Yumiko... If you pull that hard, I'm gonna choke...
Amane: ...S-Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: What is the meaning of this?
Narration: *After pulling the girl into my room, I point at the empty desktop displayed on my monitor.*
Michiru: Uh, well... It's exactly what it looks like. I cleaned it for you.
Yumiko: ...You cleaned it?
Michiru: We talked about this before you went out, remember? While you were away, I went in and used that "Disk Cleanup" thingy for you. Now you can store a lot more data!
Yumiko: Please, do tell me... Why exactly did you do that? Didn't I tell you not to touch my computer?
Michiru: Yep. And that's exactly why I cleaned it, of course!
Yumiko: What on earth are you talking about...?
Michiru: I mean, when a comedian tells you not to push him, that's your cue to shove... and when a tsundere says "No," it's just common sense to take it as a "yes!"
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Don't tell me... you formatted my computer on the basis of that completely asinine logic?
Michiru: Yeah! That's what I'm saying!
Amane: I hate to tell you this, but I think Michiru's telling the truth here...
Yumiko: In other words... You think I'm a tsundere? And you did this because I told you not to?
Michiru: Absolutely!
Yumiko: ...I'm going... to wipe that stupid grin off your face...
Michiru: Huh...?
Narration: *Matsushima's "absolutely" infuriating remark sends blood rushing violently to my head; and in the next moment, my right hand reaches out for her neck.*
Yumiko: Fnggggh!!
Michiru: It hurts! It hurts, it hurts...
Yumiko: Heheh... Heheheheh... I was a fool to think I could trust you...
Michiru: Uhm... Yumiko-san? You seem to be... crushing my head in your hand... and it kind of hurts!
Yumiko: ...I should hope so. I'm deliberately trying to inflict pain on you, after all.
Michiru: Wait, what!? Why!?
Yumiko: Are you ready, Matsushima-san...? I'm only going to say this once, so make sure you listen carefully...
Michiru: Agaah... W-What is it...?
Yumiko: I am... NOT a tsundere.
Michiru: ...Huh?
Yumiko: Don't look at me like that's completely unbelievable! You've had the wrong idea this entire time!!
Michiru: ...Is that true?
Yumiko: What on earth would I stand to gain from lying about something like that?
Michiru: Th-Then...
Yumiko: That's right. When I said "no," I absolutely meant it. And nonetheless, you trespassed in my room and laid your hands on my computer. And to make matters even worse, you deleted all of my files...
Michiru: Awaah... Awahwaah...
Narration: *Matsushima-san seems to have realized the severity of the situation, judging from the way she's trembling. The motion of her body causes a certain object to tumble out of my cardigan's pocket.*
Michiru: A b-b-box cutter!? Why!?
Yumiko: A very good question... what do you think?
Yumiko: In any case... I hope you can now appreciate how very serious I am about this.
Michiru: Eeek!! Hold on... y-you're just kidding, right? Yumikooo...
Yumiko: I'm sorry, but this is no joke.
Michiru: Awah... Awahwah...
Yumiko: And therefore... until I'm satisfied that you actually understand what I'm telling you, I'm not planning on letting you go...
Michiru: I-I got it! I got it! You're not a tsundere!!
Yumiko: In that case, don't ever touch my computer again. For that matter, don't ever set foot in my room again.
Yumiko: And one more thing. Whenever you genuinely upset me, I want you to gracefully admit your fault and apologize. Do you understand?
Michiru: Yes!
Yumiko: I want you to swear it.
Michiru: Uu... Uuugh...
Michiru: I swear!
Michiru: I'll do what you say, I swear! So please... let go of my heeeead!!!
Narration: *It wasn't exactly a friendly "heart-to-heart talk," but for the first time, I think I've seen Matsushima-san for who she really is.*
Narration: *There's something a bit satisfying about that. Of course, things will probably be rather awkward between us for a while.*
Narration: *That said, living in the same building means you'll inevitably run into each other every once in a while...*
Michiru: Wait, why are you people in here, too...?
Amane: Well, I was just about to take a bath, personally.
Yumiko: I always come in here around this time of the day, for what it's worth...
Michiru: ...Hmph! Well, it's not like I came in here to see you two or anything!
Amane: Yeah, yeah... Nice tsundere, nice tsundere.
Michiru: Oh, come on! I've only been here for a week, and you guys won't even throw me a bone anymore!
Amane: Look, why don't you just get in the water already? You're going to catch a cold if you keep standing around naked.
Michiru: I don't need you to tell me that...
Michiru: Bwahaah... This bath really is the best, I gotta say. And what a view!
Amane: It's really something, isn't it? Even with three of us in here, there's plenty of room to spare. 
Yumiko: It's designed to accommodate up to eight people at a time, I believe.
Amane: This is the sort of thing that really sets these fancy private schools apart, huh? Every time we start some new class, the quality of the equipment just blows me away...
Michiru: ...
Michiru: Hey... Can I say something?
Amane: Go ahead, Michiru-chan.
Michiru: Considering what happened just a little while ago, this feels... kinda awkward...
Yumiko: And whose fault is that...?
Michiru: Oh, shaddup, will you!? I know it's my fault, but at the time I really thought I was right!!
Yumiko: ...Do you remember what you're supposed to do when you make me angry?
Michiru: Ugh... I-I'm shorry...
Yumiko: I'm glad to see we have an understanding.
Michiru: ―Guuuuh! There's this... weird crawly feeling just above my stomach...!
Amane: Looks like somebody's got herself a servant now, huh?
Michiru: I am not her servant! I'm just doing my duty as a tsundere, for your information!
Yumiko: Matsushima-san isn't wrong. The two of us are simply classmates. Nothing more, nothing less.
Amane: Geez... You two are both so stubborn...
Michiru: I am NOT stubborn!!
Narration: *We were perhaps more than acquaintances by now, but certainly less than friends.*
Narration: *The only word that accurately describes our relationship would probably be "peculiar."*
Narration: *But a bit later on, thanks to a trip to the beach suggested by the principal, the situation would improve... at least somewhat.*

Narration: *July, 2010, 15:56 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Principal: Okay, everybody. I want you to use these test results as a reference for what you need to brush up on, all right?
Narration: *Not long after welcoming our second transfer student of the year, we were faced with our end-of-term exams... and soon enough, the result of our efforts come back to us in the form of unequivocal numbers.*
Narration: *By showing us where we met expectations and where we fell short, they're meant to help us determine what we need to focus on going forward.*
Narration: *But rather than looking through her papers, one of my classmates is currently shrinking in her seat in an apparent attempt to disappear entirely.*
Michiru: I was just off my game, that's all... I was just off my game...
Principal: ...M-Matsushima-san? Your soul appears to be leaving your body... Are you feeling all right?
Amane: Please just... leave her be for a little while. I don't think she wants to face reality right now...
Principal: I-I see...
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*
Principal: Well, think about it this way. Those exhausting exams are finally over! Now it's time for your long-awaited summer vacation.
Michiru: ―Summer vacation!?
Principal: That's right. A nice, long vacation. The student life does have its perks, don't you think?
Michiru: Yeah, of course... there's still summer vacation! As long as I have that, the test results don't even matter anymore! 
Amane: Uh, I think they kind of do...
Principal: Suou-san is quite correct. Your results fell within the range that requires a retake, Matsushima-san. That means you have to take remedial classes.
Michiru: R-Remedial classes...? Haha... Of course... I'm just an idiot, after all...
Principal: Howeeeever... since you only transferred in recently, you weren't around when most of the material on these exams was being covered... So we're going to make a special exception and exempt you from the classes just this once.
Michiru: P-Principal Tachibana...
Principal: However, we do have standards to uphold as an educational institution. We're obligated to give you some sort of assignment.
Michiru: W-Wait, what? Don't tell me... I'm gonna have to paint over graffiti or something?
Yumiko: ...We're not talking about American community service here...
Principal: Additionally, we'll be holding the entire class collectively responsible. Which means Sakaki-san and Suou-san will be given the exact same assignment.
Yumiko: What!?
Amane: Aw, geez...
Michiru: Awa... Awawah...
Principal: To be specific... I'd like the three of you to put together a plan for a new extracurricular activity.
Michiru: ...Huh?
Amane: An extracurricular activity...?
Principal: To put it simply, this is an experiment to see if our students can devise and carry out a plan for a group trip all by themselves.
Yumiko: In other words, you can't figure out what we should do... so you want us to come up with something?
Principal: T-T-That's not true at all! I'm simply attempting to devise a new form of education, with an emphasis on student autonomy and―
Amane: Okay, okay. I think we get the general idea, but... are there any restrictions we have to be aware of? Like, in terms of the budget and the schedule?
Principal: Nothing in particular. The school will cover any expenses, and you're free to choose the date and duration, as long as it's not completely unreasonable.
Michiru: Does that mean... we can go to outer space if we want to!?
Principal: ...Maybe we should have Matsushima-san take those remedial classes after all.
Michiru: Uh, I didn't say anything! That must have been Matsujima-san!
Amane: I'm pretty sure that's also you...
Principal: ...Very well then. You have until next Monday to submit your assignment. Please discuss it together and work out your plan by then.
Amane: Hmm... so we have to think up an extracurricular activity, huh...?
Michiru: Hey, planning a trip isn't such a tough "assignment," right? Sounds pretty good to me!
Amane: Well, I sure wouldn't mind taking a trip somewhere... And if the school's willing to foot the whole bill, then I guess there isn't much to complain about.
Michiru: I know, right? Now that that's settled, I think it's time for... a meeting!
Yumiko: ...Couldn't you have stayed crumpled up in despair for a little longer...?
Michiru: Yumikooo... You know I can hear you, right?
Narration: *With this unusual assignment to contend with, the three of us agreed to begin working out an itinerary for a group trip under Matsushima-san's "leadership."*
Michiru: By the way, what's the lowest score you can get without failing? I definitely didn't do that well on the tests, but I don't think I actually flunked anything...
Amane: I think 35 and below counts as failing in this school... How did you do?
Michiru: Mine were... around 28 or so, I guess...
Amane: Did you seriously think that was a passing score...?
Michiru: I kinda thought... anything over 25 was okay...
Michiru: Ugh, enough about the stupid tests! Let's start by taking a vote to decide where we're going!
Yumiko: All right. I suppose that's the least time-consuming approach.
Michiru: Okay, everyone ready? On my signal!
Michiru: Ready... Go!
Yumiko: ...The riverbank. Mount Akagi! The beach!
Michiru: I had a feeling this would happen, but... We're seriously all over the place, aren't we?
Michiru: And, uh... what the heck, Yumiko!? What "riverbank" are you even talking about!?
Yumiko: ...That's just my way of saying I don't want to go anywhere.
Yumiko: I'd just get sunburn at the beach. And I don't want to go hiking up some mountain just to get bitten by insects.
Michiru: But that's what summer's all about, right...? Honestly, you can be so uncooperative sometimes...
Amane: ...Well, I guess that's just the way Sakaki-san is.
Michiru: I mean, do you think the school would even accept "the riverbank" if we proposed it? It's not even a trip!
Amane: Yeah. And that's why Mount Akagi is perfect!
Michiru: I don't really know where that is... What kind of mountain is it? Is it popular with climbers or something?
Amane: Huh? You've never heard of Mount Akagi? The pass there is practically a holy site for street racers...
Amane: It's got tight corners that really let you get the most out of second gear, and nice spacious one-way sections where you can go side by side... Doesn't get much better than that...
Michiru: I don't really know what you're talking about... It wouldn't really be much fun for anyone other than you, would it?
Amane: Don't be silly. The scenery's pretty, and they have lots of good stuff to eat there... like okkirikomi.
Michiru: Well... I'll put it down as a possibility, then...
Yumiko: I suppose that just leaves your proposal, Matsushima-san...
Michiru: It's just common sense to go to the sea in the summer, right!? It's all about the swimming! It's all about those waves!
Amane: ...I must admit, the beach doesn't seem like a bad idea. We haven't even known each other for three months, you know? It's probably a little early to try any really long-distance trips, let alone leaving the country or anything.
Yumiko: ...True enough. A one-day trip would probably be more appropriate.
Michiru: Huh? So you're okay with going to the sea, Yumiko?
Yumiko: It's not like I'll have much choice in the matter...
Michiru: You sound really unenthusiastic, but... I guess we've narrowed it down to Mount Akagi and the beach, huh?
Yumiko: I don't see any clear reason to reject either proposal, so why don't you just decide the matter with a round of rock-paper-scissors?
Amane: That might work. There shouldn't be any hard feelings that way, at least.
Michiru: ...You're really okay with that, Amane? Rock-paper-scissors happens to be my speciality.
Amane: ...No kidding? Just so happens I'm pretty good at it too.
Michiru: Heh... Sounds like this might be interesting...
Michiru: Very well then. Why don't we kick things up a notch and make this a rock-paper-scissors-tsundere match!?
Amane: Wait, what...?
Yumiko: ...You're only making this needlessly complicated. Do it normally, please.
Michiru: Okay...
Michiru: Well then... Let's do this, everyone!
Michiru: Rock... Paper...
Amane: Scissors!!
Principal: ...I see... So you're going to the beach? That sounds nice. It's always a popular choice with students.
Principal: At your age, the water won't affect your skin as much... and you can wear any swimsuit you want...
Amane: Uhm, it's not like you're that much older than us, Principal Tachibana...
Principal: ―Suou-san!
Amane: Y-Yes! I'm sorry!!
Principal: ...Are there any classes where you'd like a little bump in your grade? I might be able to move a few numbers around for you...
Amane: Erm... Isn't that a bit... improper...?
Michiru: Of course it is! You just scared me half to death about my grades, lady! I won't stand for any cheating!
Principal: Y-You're right, of course. It's been a while since anyone's said something that nice to me, so I lost my head for a moment. I'm sorry...
Yumiko: Sigh...
Principal: Mm, ahem! Well then, let's return to the topic at hand. Where do you want to go? The Mishima Cape beach?
Michiru: Well, it's a special occasion, so we figured we should go somewhere a bit farther away... And we ended up deciding on Izu.
Principal: I see... But how are you planning to get there?
Amane: No need to worry about that little detail. I found something nice in the maintenance building the other day.♪
Yumiko: ...Something nice?
Narration: *Although Suou-san insisted on keeping the details of our transportation a "secret" until the day of the trip itself, we quickly worked out all the other details... and before we knew it, summer vacation had arrived.*
Date: *August XX, 2010, 08:25 - Mihama Academy - Front Gate*
Narration: *And now... we find ourselves on the morning of the trip.*
Narration: *The weather's absolutely perfect for the occasion. Perhaps the three of us are being rewarded for actually cooperating with each other for a change.*
Narration: *This will be my first major outing in quite some time, so I'm honestly feeling a bit restless... but a certain someone is so obviously worked up that it makes my own tension feel rather reasonable in comparison.*
Michiru: Yumiko! Yumikooo! What's our allowance for snacks again?
Yumiko: ...It's 500 yen.
Michiru: Right! I knew it! I spent a whole hour at the convenience store snack corner trying to figure out exactly how to use it. I'll show you what I got later!
Yumiko: Where are these snacks of yours, anyway?
Michiru: W-Wait a second... Oh crap! I forgot the bag in my room!!
Yumiko: We haven't even left yet, but I'm already starting to feel a bit concerned...
Narration: *For one thing, I'm still not clear on exactly how we're supposed to be getting to our destination.*
Narration: *Given that there are three of us, I doubt we'll all be piling onto Suou-san's motorcycle.*
Narration: *The maintenance building does have a garage, but it mainly houses equipment like tractors and harvesters for use in agricultural classes... I can't think of anything in there that you'd drive to the beach.*
Michiru: Haah... Haah... I-I've returned...
Yumiko: That was rather quick, actually...
Michiru: I mean... if I wasn't out here, you guys might just forget to bring ME...
Yumiko: ...Not to worry. You're the only one of us capable of forgetting something quite that important.
Michiru: Really? Well, that's good to hear, I guess... But anyway, what's taking Amane so long? She said she'd take care of our transportation, right?
Yumiko: If you're concerned, why don't you give her a...
Narration: *Just as we're starting to bring up the topic, the sound of a motor vehicle engine interrupts our conversation.*
Narration: *By the time we realize the sound is coming from within the campus, a white vehicle suddenly comes into view... And a moment later, it's sliding dramatically to a stop in front of the school gate, brakes screeching.*
Amane: Sorry it took so long! Your chariot awaits.♪
Yumiko: ......
Amane: Huh? What's wrong? You guys look like you just saw a 125cc scooter chasing down a 250cc Naked or something...
Michiru: Well... it's just...
Yumiko: Isn't that the mini-truck they use for carrying equipment around campus?
Amane: Yep, that's right.
Michiru: Uh, what...? Are you seriously planning on taking us to the beach in that thing?
Amane: I can understand why you're worried, but don't judge a book by its cover... or a truck by its appearance. Ever heard of the Yonbar? It's the Porsche of farm-road pickups! This baby's fast as all heck!
Yumiko: I wouldn't know...
Michiru: I mean, look... even if we were willing to get in this thing, it doesn't have enough seats for all of us!
Amane: Ah, yeah... sorry, but one of you will have to hunker down in the back. We need someone to keep an eye on our stuff anyway, right?
Yumiko: ...I see. In that case, I'll take the passenger seat.
Michiru: Aaah! Hold on a second, Yumiko! Who died and made you Queen!?
Yumiko: What are you talking about, Matsushima-san? I was just trying to be considerate.
Michiru: Huh? What do you mean?
Yumiko: Well, it's summer at the moment... I'd imagine it's going to feel rather wonderful to ride in the back and feel the wind in your hair.
Michiru: Huh, yeah... I guess you're right. That's actually kind of nice of you, Yumiko... I guess you've got a generous side after all, huh...?
Amane: I don't care who sits where, but hurry up and get in once you've decided. It took longer than I expected to tune the engine, so we're already running behind schedule.
Michiru: Yeah, yeah, I know.
Narration: *A moment after Matsushima-san clambers up into the back of the truck, the engine growls to life once again.*
Amane: Nice. This thing's as good as new, so the engine starts so smoothly...♪
Yumiko: Incidentally, Suou-san... Do you consider yourself a good driver?
Amane: Hmm... there are plenty of people out there who could beat the pants off me, but I guess I'm not too shabby myself.
Michiru: In that case, make sure you push the pedal to the metal. We've only got one day for this trip, so let's get there as fast as we can!
Amane: ...Oh? So you're okay if I step on it a little?
Michiru: Of course! You have my permission! Give it all you've got, okay?
Amane: Roger. In that case, I'll get going right away. Hold on tight, guys!
Yumiko: ...What?
Amane: Let's see... The plan was to be there by half past nine, so that gives us sixty minutes. It's gonna come down to how much time we can shave off before the road turns downhill... But I think I can pull it off.
Narration: *After securely fastening her seatbelt, Suou-san stares at the digital clock on the front panel while murmuring to herself.*
Narration: *Something about the look in her eyes fills me with a vague but powerful sense of dread.*
Amane: Hoooo... Haaaa... Help me out here, Yonbar... I'm gonna breathe some life into you, okay...?
Amane: All right then... let's goooo!!
Yumiko: ―Kuh!!
Narration: *A moment after drawing a long, deep breath, Suou-san moves her leg vigorously... and I'm abruptly pressed back into my seat by a G-force stronger than any I've experienced before.*
Michiru: Uwaaaaah!? A-Amane!? Can you please take off a bit more gently!?
Amane: What the heck are you talking about? This baby was designed with a rear-engine layout specifically to ensure superior traction! It would be rude not to use it!
Michiru: Rude to who, the car!? Could you maybe worry about Yumiko and me instead!?
Amane: Aw, don't worry, you're fine! I'll keep the fact that I'm carrying passengers in mind!
Narration: *It's nice to hear her say that... but I can't help noticing the needle on the speedometer is climbing steadily to the side.*
Yumiko: S-Suou-san? Aren't we going a little too fast...?
Amane: Huh? Naaah, not at all. If I were pushing her really hard, the RPM would be in the red by now. And since we've got three people on board, she's not even accelerating that well at the moment.
Yumiko: I-I don't know much about any of that, but... could you please try to prioritize our safety...?
Amane: Roooger that!♪
Narration: *I don't know exactly how she's interpreted my request, but Suou-san stomps the gas pedal to the floor; the Yonbar's still in low gear, but thanks to its AWD design, it quickly picks up speed anyway.*
Michiru: Ablublbulbuh! Wait, hold hon! Can't breaf! I can't breaaaafff!! 
Amane: Calm down, you're fine! Just squat down a little and the wind won't even bother you.
Michiru: Bweeeh? Whah was hat?
Yumiko: This is not good...
Narration: *"It was a serious mistake to leave Suou-san in charge of our transportation..."*
Narration: *Just as the thought flashes through my mind, a sudden burst of G-force hits me from the side, shaking my head so violently that I'm left a little dazed.*
Amane: Heeere we go!!
Yumiko: Each of these curves is differently angled... but you're making all the turns so cleanly...
Amane: Oho? It's your first time riding with me, and you already picked up on how good my lines are? Not bad, Sakaki-san!
Yumiko: We're obviously moving incredibly quickly... but for some strange reason, I feel as safe as I would in the backseat of a luxury limousine...
Amane: Nice to hear you say so... but I'm gonna take this next hairpin a liiiitle bit tighter, okay?
Michiru: Ah, ah, aah... M-My body's... bouncing to the left... and the right... I can't think straight anymore...
Amane: Sorry about that, Michiru. Hold on just a bit longer! This next corner is the last one!!
Michiru: R-Really? Good, but... I can't even... feel my arms right now...
Amane: Heeeere we go!♪
Michiru: Aaa―
Yumiko: Aah!?
Amane: Huh...? We're accelerating a lot quicker all of a sudden. Maybe the supercharger's working better now that I've warmed her up...
Yumiko: That's not it! Matsushima-san just fell out of the back!! You need to stop right now!
Amane: Whaaat!?! Seriously!?
Michiru: No mooore... I wanna go hooome...
Amane: C'mon, I said I'm sorry. And look, we finally made it to our destination, right? It would just be silly to call it quits now. 
Michiru: It's a demon... That Yonbar is a demon...
Amane: To be honest, I'm kind of impressed you're still in one piece after being flung out of a truck moving at that speed...
Michiru: No kidding! My super good luck saved me this time, but that could have been a total disaster! Like... a TOTAL disaster!
Yumiko: The doctor at the hospital said he couldn't even find anything out of the ordinary... Your fall must have been cushioned by some bush at the side of the road, I suppose...
Amane: Well, at least now we can enjoy ourselves instead of dwelling on that little mishap. Lucky you, Michiru!
Michiru: How the HECK was that lucky!?!
Narration: *Despite Matsushima-san's red-faced complaints, she begins to shoot furtive glances in our direction as we take our luggage out of the truck...*
Narration: *And when we ask her to keep an eye on our things while we change, she huffily informs us that she's coming too.*
Yumiko: ...They're sure taking a while.
Narration: *The three of us went into the changing rooms at the same time, but those two still haven't emerged.*
Narration: *Of course, that's left me standing out in the sun... just thinking about all the melanin my skin's producing in reaction to these UV rays makes me want to run back into the shade as soon as possible.*
Flirty Guy: Hey, girl. You got a minute?
Yumiko: ......
Flirty Guy: Uhm, I'm talking to you, you know...?
Yumiko: Er... do you mean me?
Flirty Guy: Yeah, of course. Just wondering what a cute girl like you is doing out here all alone.
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Flirty Guy: Anyway, wanna come hang out with me?
Yumiko: No, uhm... I came here with my classmates... So...
Flirty Guy: Really? What a coincidence. I'm here with some of my buddies too, actually.
Amane: Sooorry. Did you wait long?
Flirty Guy: Whoa, so cute... Are you one of her friends? Damn, that bikini's hot...
Amane: Thanks for the compliment, but we're here with our boyfriends. Maybe you could try someone else?
Flirty Guy: Boyfriends...? Damn. Just my luck...
Amane: Ooh, look at that. Walked right off without a second thought... Nothing beats the old "imaginary boyfriend," huh?
Yumiko: Uhm... Thank you. You really saved me there...
Amane: Aw, don't worry about it. No big deal.
Yumiko: You seem to be rather accustomed to dealing with people like that, Suou-san...
Amane: Well, you've gotta expect a few guys like that when you visit the beach in summer. Hitting on girls is just their way of saying hello.
Yumiko: You call that a hello...?
Amane: Anyway, if they come up and talk to you, that means they were checking you out beforehand... So you can always just chalk it up as proof of how cute you're looking today.
Yumiko: I'd rather not have anyone "checking me out," to be honest...
Amane: Gotta admit, though, that was a little bit surprising. I sorta figured you'd just brush off guys like that easily...  Y'know, like... "If you don't get out of my sight within three seconds, I'm going to utterly ruin your life."
Yumiko: Uhm, that was the first time anyone's ever really hit on me... So I got a bit flustered...
Amane: No kidding? In that case, congrats on losing your flirting virginity.
Yumiko: V-Virgini...!?
Michiru: *Smirk*...
Yumiko: ...I see you've finally emerged. Is there some reason why you're looking so pleased with yourself?
Amane: One other question, actually... why are you wearing the school swimsuit?
Michiru: Oh, c'mooon! Blonde tsunderes with twintails HAVE to wear the school swimsuit to the beach! Anything else would be a total fox pass!
Amane: I'm really not sure anyone else knows about that rule... Also, I think you mean "faux pas"...
Michiru: A-Anyway, forget that! What was up with those guys just now? Were they asking for directions?
Amane: Of course not. They were just hitting on us...
Michiru: Guh... Wait a second. Nobody's hit on me yet!
Amane: Uhm, isn't that something to be happy about? It's just a pain in the neck.
Michiru: Well, obviously, but... It feels like I got left out or something!
Yumiko: ...Why don't you go stand in the middle of the beach and strike a pose to get some attention, then?
Michiru: Nice idea!!
Narration: *Matsushima-san certainly seemed confident enough as she dashed off...*
Narration: *...But of course, no man in their right mind is going to approach a girl striking a bunch of peculiar poses in the middle of the beach. After fifteen miserable minutes, she trudges slowly back to us with her shoulders slumped.*
Michiru: Why... didn't anyone try to hit on me...?
Yumiko: Maybe they just felt sorry for you...
Amane: Mm, yeaaah, uh... Hang in there, kid.
Michiru: Hey! What's that supposed to mean!? Could you be any more rude!?!
Amane: Okay then, I think I'm going to go have a swim.
Michiru: I'll be exploring that big rocky stretch! There's definitely some huge shells to be found out there!
Yumiko: In that case, I'll stay here with our things and read.
Narration: *We might have managed to work together somewhat at the beginning of this trip, but at the end of the day we're still three very different people who happened to end up in the same class.*
Narration: *As we didn't plan out much in the way of group activities beforehand, once we've gotten settled in everyone simply wanders off to do as they please.*
Yumiko: Well then...
Narration: *I'm no exception, of course. After renting a lounge chair at the beach house, I lie down and simply resume reading the novel I've been working on.*
Narration: *Not so different from any other day, really... but the gentle sea breeze does feel rather nice. It's a pleasant enough change of pace, if nothing else.*
Amane: Here we go, Michiru. Your special skewer's looking good.
Michiru: Nice work! But I'm not done yet, so keep 'em coming!
Narration: *As the sun begins to set, and the people who were only here for a bit of swimming or flirting quickly disappear, our barbecue dinner finally gets underway.*
Narration: *Thanks to the efforts of Suou-san, our resident cook... Matsushima-san and myself don't have much to do other than placing our pre-prepared skewers on the grill and then eating them. *
Yumiko: I'm not going to tell you to stop eating so much meat, but you really should have a few vegetables in between for your stomach's sake. Here, have an onion skewer with that.
Michiru: Huh...? Can I really have this?
Yumiko: It's nothing that special, is it? Or perhaps you're just astonished that I'd give you anything at all?
Michiru: Yeah...
Yumiko: What...? Fine then. If you don't want it, I'll eat it myself...
Michiru: Hey, don't be ridiculous! I'm not gonna look a gift horse in the mouth here. Thanks, Yumiko!
Yumiko: You're welcome, then...
Amane: The onions really are sweet this time of year, aren't they? You don't even need to grill them, really.
Michiru: Here, Yumiko. You can have this meat skewer in return!
Yumiko: ...Well... thank you.
Michiru: And as for you, Amane... don't just stand around grilling all day! You gotta eat some too, right? Here, I got you one with some nice big chunks of meat!
Amane: ......
Amane: I see... Sakaki-san's the firstborn daughter, and Michiru's the second...
Yumiko: ...Is something the matter, Suou-san?
Amane: Oh, sorry. It's nothing.
Michiru: What's with you, Amane? Don't let your mind wander too much during dinner, or I'll gobble everything up.
Amane: I brought enough food to feed four, so that would actually be pretty impressive. Here, want a piping hot one?
Michiru: You bet I do! Nom... nom gnom... gnom!!! My mouf! Did you just pull this thing off the grill!? It's too hot!!
Amane: Ahaha. C'mon, it's not thaaat hot. You really are a riot, Michiru...
Michiru: Shadaaaap!
Narration: *Somehow, they've managed to make the exchange of a single skewer of meat into a complete ruckus... it's rather reminiscent of our recent welcoming party, in that respect.*
Narration: *And yet... there's a certain warmth beneath all the squawking and squabbling. A kind of warmth I didn't feel when we were all off on our own.*
Michiru: Heheh. Okay guys... You're never gonna guess what I brought along...
Narration: *Once we've filled our stomachs and put away our grill, Matsushima-san retrieves something from her bag with a sly little grin.*
Amane: Ah... Wait, is that a bag of fireworks...?
Michiru: Bingoooo! To be honest, I was kinda in the mood for watermelon splitting too... but after a long night of deliberation I settled on these.
Yumiko: ...Fireworks...?
Michiru: What, you got a problem...? Don't tell me you've never done this before.
Yumiko: No, I have... it's just been a very long time since I've even seen one...
Michiru: Okay then, you go first. Pick whichever you like.
Yumiko: ...You don't mind?
Michiru: I just said it's fine, didn't I? Go on, knock yourself out.
Yumiko: Okay then... I'll take this sparkler...
Michiru: Wait, what? You're supposed to save those for dessert.
Amane: Sheesh. You really know how to stay in character, Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: Tease me all you like. I don't particularly like the really loud or flashy ones...
Michiru: Well, I guess that's fine... Why don't you go next, Amane?
Amane: Ooh, I want a fizzy one! You know, the kind that changes colors!
Michiru: Okay, sure. Coming right up.
Amane: What about you, Michiru? Got anything in mind?
Michiru: ...I'm a tsundere, remember? I'm gonna fire off some rockets, obviously!
Amane: Not sure I follow the logic there, but let's skip the rockets. They're kinda dangerous, and it's a pain cleaning them up afterwards.
Michiru: C'mooon, it'll be fine! I'll set 'em up on the ground like you're supposed to, and I'll make sure to pick up all the junk later.
Narration: *Completely ignoring Suou-san's warning, Matsushima-san promptly proceeds to set up quite a number of rocket fireworks on the sandy ground.*
Narration: *I can feel my palms starting to sweat. It reminds me of how I felt watching Suou-san behind the wheel.*
Yumiko: Er... I think I'm going to watch from a distance...
Michiru: There's nothing to be afraid of. They're just fireworks, y'know?
Yumiko: I don't have an issue with the fireworks themselves... but I'm a little worried about the person who's firing them...
Amane: Same here...
Michiru: Hey, what the heck? I might be a little stupid, but I'm not a klutz, for your information!
Michiru: Ah...
Yumiko: ...I'm not sure I want to know the answer, but... why did you just gasp?
Michiru: Uhm, I kinda messed up... and lit all the fuses at once...
Yumiko: ...!!
Amane: Eeek!!
Narration: *The instant we hear this, Suou-san and I sprint away as fast as we can.*
Michiru: Hey! Why are you guys running off by yourselves!?! No fair!!
Yumiko: It's perfectly fair! You're the one who caused this mess, Matsushima-san!
Amane: I hate to say I told you so, but...
Michiru: Uh, whoa!?
Michiru: Gwaaah! What the...!?
Michiru: C'mon, why do these fireworks keep shooting directly at me!?!
Michiru: Not again!!
Yumiko: Very sad. But at least your sacrifice has guaranteed our safety.
Amane: Hang in there, Michiru!!
Michiru: Easy for... you to... saaay!!
Michiru: Uuuugh...
Michiru: Heeeelp meeee! Yumikooooo! Amaneeeee!!
Amane: Gwaaaaaaaaah...!!
Narration: *Fleeing from Matsushima-san and the rockets behind her, we dash frantically around the beach... but eventually, the barrage of fireworks slows to a halt, and I drop to the sand in exhausted relief.*
Narration: *A moment later, I hear the thumps of two other bodies falling down beside me.*
Yumiko: Haah... Haah... Haah...
Amane: Haah... haah... you're the one who wanted to play with those rockets so badly, Michiru... way to face up to the consequences...
Michiru: B-But... I was kinda scared you might abandon me...
Amane: Well, you scared the heck out of ME, chasing us around like that...
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Suou-san seems rather upset at Matsushima-san's actions, but I find myself preoccupied with something else entirely.*
Narration: *She was afraid... we might "abandon" her...?*
Narration: *I know this isn't particularly fair of me... but I'd rather assumed that people like Matsushima-san tended to skip through life obliviously, free of any worries or fears.*
Narration: *To be honest, hearing her say something like that was a bit of a surprise.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *But soon enough, I've figured out an answer to this puzzle.*
Narration: *"Matsushima-san's a student at our school, too."*
Narration: *It's a bit frightening how neatly that simple fact seems to "explain" things.*
Michiru: ...Hey, Yumiko... Are you listening, Yumiko?
Yumiko: Huh? Oh... pardon me. My mind was wandering...
Michiru: Well, you can space out if you want to... but you've got some sand on the tip of your nose.
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Michiru: C'mon, brush it off already.
Yumiko: Gwah...! You're right...
Amane: Snrk... hehehehe...
Michiru: Ahahahahahaha!
Yumiko: W-What's so funny!? Anyone could get a bit of sand on their face after running around the beach! You're being rude!
Amane: Sorry, sorry. It's just... the way you reacted was so out of character...
Yumiko: ...Really?
Michiru: Yeah, she's right. I mean, normally you just sorta scowl at me when I try to say hello... but you're actually kinda easy to talk to right now, Yumiko...
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: I'm not particularly aware of having changed... but if I have, I suppose it's because of you two...
Michiru: ......
Yumiko: W-What now...? Did I say something strange?
Amane: Nah, I don't think so.
Michiru: Nope. Nothing strange about it.
Yumiko: ...? What do you mean by that...?
Amane: Well, don't sweat the small stuff. The only thing that really matters is... we've had our first trip together as a group.
Michiru: We sorta ended up spending most of it wandering around by ourselves, though...
Amane: You think? It doesn't feel that way to me.
Michiru: Huh? Really?
Yumiko: ...She's right.
Yumiko: After all... right now, we're all looking up at the exact same thing...
Michiru: What the heck...? Did YUMIKO just get all poetic on us...?
Amane: You're got a surprisingly romantic side, Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: Why do you people always feel the need to mock me...?
Michiru: I'm not mocking you! That was totally cool... "We're all looking up at the exact same thing..."
Amane: ―Pffffft!!
Yumiko: I'm... going to kill you...
Michiru: Why!? I seriously think it was awesome! Seriously!!
Narration: *As I gaze up at the star-studded night sky, a thought far too embarrassing to express out loud crosses my mind.*
Narration: *"I think these two might be different."*
Narration: *It hasn't even been six months since I met either of them, so you might well wonder what real basis I have for feeling that way... But somehow, I think this trip has changed things between us.*
Narration: *By the time I've caught my breath and enjoyed my own small share of the fireworks, those vague feelings have begun to solidify into something surer.*

Narration: *Early in September, just after the end of our summer vacation...*
Narration: *...I find myself hurrying over to the principal's office, having been informed that she needs to speak with me "at once."*
Date: *September XX, 2010, 14:30 - Mihama Academy - Principal's Office*
Yumiko: My, there aren't any bags of sweets scattered all across your table. This really must be an emergency...
Principal: Goodness! I didn't know you had such a sarcastic side, Sakaki-san. It almost feels like I'm talking to that kid...
Yumiko: ...That kid?
Principal: Ah, sorry. It's nothing you need to worry about.
Principal: More importantly, as for the reason I called you over today right after our opening ceremony...
Yumiko: ...We're accepting another transfer student, I assume?
Principal: Well, yes. How did you know?
Yumiko: Because it's the only reason you've ever called me in here.
Principal: ...Tell me, would you show up if I invited you to drop by and have tea?
Yumiko: I think I'd decline.
Principal: Well, there you go!
Yumiko: I'm not sure why you seem so proud of yourself, but anyway... given the urgency of your message, I assume this transfer is something of a special case?
Principal: That's exactly right, actually...
Principal: This might sound a bit crude, but with the transfer students up until now...
Principal: If you'd stormed up and shouted "I hate you! Get out of here!", we could conceivably have denied them admission... or even expelled them after the fact. But this time, that isn't really going to be an option...
Narration: *Letting out a small sigh, the principal places a familiar set of documents on the table in front of me.*
Narration: *I study her for a moment while sipping my lukewarm coffee, then slowly reach for the file.*
Yumiko: Wha...!?
Narration: *When I finally look down at the first page, everything falls into place instantly - at my first glimpse of the transfer student's name.*
Yumiko: Irisu... Makina...? Is she a member of *the* Irisu family?
Principal: ...How much do you know about the Irisu clan, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: ...I don't know any more than an average person could find out with a bit of digging.
Yumiko: My family's East Beach Group, a conglomerate with a private railway company at its heart, may possess significant influence throughout the Kanto region...
Yumiko: But the Irisu Group is an enormous conglomerate spanning many different industries, with deep connections to the financial sector and affiliates all around the world.
Principal: That's right. It's like they say... these days, it's rather difficult to live a normal life without patronizing one of their businesses.
Yumiko: Apart from that... I know their eldest daughter was supposedly mixed up in an ugly "kidnapping" when she was very young.
Principal: There was a media blackout on that incident at the time... So I assume that's where the "digging" came in?
Yumiko: Yes... I did a bit of poking around, since the Irisu clan seems to have certain connections to the East Beach Group.
Principal: That's certainly true...
Yumiko: Essentially, he's putting them in his debt by doing them a favor... and securing himself a bargaining chip for any future emergencies. It certainly seems like something that man would do.
Principal: You may hate him... but in a way, I suppose that helps you understand what he's thinking.
Yumiko: Not at all. I don't know how his mind works... not in the slightest...
Principal: ...
Yumiko: So, getting back to the matter at hand... I assume the girl's problem isn't merely a question of her family background?
Principal: You do catch on quick, don't you? As it happens, Irisu Makina-san's issues are somewhat more complex than that...
Amane: So after all the time she spent in the hospital... she's developed a severe communication disorder?
Michiru: Wait a second... that means she hasn't gone to school that much, right? Maybe now I won't be the only one in the remedial classes!
Yumiko: ...Your thought processes continue to mystify me, but in any case... the matter isn't going to quite be so simple this time.
Michiru: O-Oh. Really?
Yumiko: The fact that they've given us this much information in advance implies that we're going to need to handle this very carefully indeed.
Amane: Basically... they're saying "It's going to be different this time, so watch yourselves."
Yumiko: Yes...
Michiru: Oh, good grief. You guys are both totally overthinking this.
Michiru: I mean, what? She's got issues communicating with people or something? That probably just means she's a cranky sourpuss, like Yumiko... or maybe a delinquent who wears tight clothes, like Amane. Nothing worth worrying about!
Yumiko: I do hope you're right, but...
Narration: *At the principal's request, I've left out the details about the transfer student's family... but I seem to have conveyed that she's something of a "special case," at least.*
Narration: *The fact that the others don't complain about our orders to "Assemble at the school gates half an hour beforehand" seems proof enough of that.*
Date: *September XX, 2010, 12:57 - Mihama Academy - Front Gate*
Yumiko: ...Three more minutes.
Narration: *It doesn't matter to me how eagerly that man wants this girl to enroll. I'll treat her exactly the same way I did the others.*
Narration: *...Or so I keep telling myself. But as the appointed time approaches, I find my body growing increasingly tense.*
Michiru: Hey, Amane... do my twintails look even on both sides? Do I look tsundere enough?
Amane: For the girl who insisted this was no big deal, you sure look even more nervous than we are...
Narration: *From the expressions on their faces alone, it seems clear that Suou-san and Matsushima-san are also feeling rather tense at the moment.*
Amane: Oh-hoh...? That's the sound of a Misuzu with an electronically-controlled one-way-cooled EGR...
Narration: *Suddenly, the silence is broken by the sound of a huge engine.... the sort you don't hear a lot of in a quiet little city on the coast.*
Narration: *Moments later, a sizable semi-trailer appears on the road, and draws to a careful halt directly in front of us.*
Yumiko: "Iris Logistics"...
Narration: *The huge letters painted on the side of the trailer make it immediately obvious that this has something to do with our transfer student's arrival.*
Michiru: N-No way... She has to ride around in a truck this big...? Nobody told me anything about a giant...
Amane: Oh, come on. That's obviously just got all her stuff in it...
Narration: *Even if that's the case... this has to be a more dramatic arrival than Suou-san pulling up in a motorcycle, or Matsushima-san's belated taxi ride.*
Narration: *It's an entrance that demonstrates rather powerfully exactly how unusual this girl's background is.*
Amane: I guess that means... the transfer student's coming over in another car?
Principal: Based on what they told us beforehand, I think she should be in this truck as well...
Narration: *Despite the principal's uncertain claim, there doesn't seem to be anybody in the front of the truck other than two men in work clothes.*
Narration: *But all of a sudden, as if to answer our unspoken questions, part of the trailer's outer wall slides aside to reveal its interior.*
Makina: ......
Narration: *The middle of the trailer's three large partitions is largely empty, apart from a sofa and a few cardboard boxes... And a single young girl, standing quietly with her eyes downcast.*
Michiru: T-They had a... person in the container...?
Amane: She's awfully small... almost looks like a grade schooler...
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *I'm only supposed to be a single year older than her... but to be sure, her dimunitive frame and that unruly mess of curls on her head make her look a great deal younger.*
Makina: Uh...
Narration: *Apparently noticing our bemused stares, the girl hugs her stuffed toy tighter, looking even more anxious than before.*
Principal: Uhm... You must be Irisu Makina-san, yes?
Makina: ......
Narration: *The principal breaks the awkward silence by calling out to her, but the girl only raises her head slightly instead of replying.*
Narration: *At this point, the worker sitting in the passenger seat climbs down out of the truck and begins unloading boxes from the trailer in silence, in an apparent attempt to force things forward.*
Narration: *He works quickly, with obvious competence... but the way he completely ignores the transfer student's existence makes me think of a coldblooded soldier.*
Worker: Miss, we've finished unloading your things. Please step down out of the trailer.
Narration: *As the man bows his head in her direction, the transfer student finally descends from the truck, her steps slow and uncertain.*
Makina: Ah... uh...
Principal: Welcome to Mihama Academy, Irisu Makina-san. I'm the principal, Chizuru Tachibana.
Makina: I-I'm Irisu Makina... Nice to meetcha...
Michiru: And I'm Matsushima Michiru! Tsundere among tsunderes!
Michiru: Oh... and if you really insist, I suppose you can call me "Michiru-sama."
Michiru: J-Just don't get any funny ideas... it's not because I like you or anything!
Makina: Uu...
Amane: ...!
Michiru: ―Yoww!! Hey, what the heck Amane? Why'd you hit me!?
Amane: This isn't the time for your nonsense! You're scaring the transfer student, doofus!
Michiru: Oh... Sorry...
Amane: Errr... just ignore her, okay? She's got some issues she's working through... Anyway, I'm Suou Amane, a second year student. Nice to meet you.
Makina: N-Nice to meetcha...
Yumiko: Yumiko Sakaki. I'm a first year.
Makina: ......
Michiru: Ah! Look at that, Amane! Yumiko's scaring the new kid!
Yumiko: ...So what if I am?
Michiru: Sorry... forget I said anything...
Man in Overalls: Uhm, pardon me. Can you tell us where we should bring the young lady's belongings...?
Principal: Well, Irisu-san needs to choose her room first. That's what I was just about to ask her to do...
Man in Overalls: In that case, shall we bring her things up after she's made her decision?
Principal: Yes, that would be a big help.
Principal: Well, there you have it... Sorry to rush you, but why don't we get right to our tour of the dormitory?
Makina: ......
Narration: *The transfer student nods slightly, and the two of them walk off toward the dormitory.*
Michiru: Incidentally, what should we be doing now?
Amane: Something might come up, so... maybe we should tag along just in case?
Yumiko: ...I suppose so.
Narration: *Having reached a consensus, the three of us follow along after our new classmate.*
Principal: Here you go. That's the key to your room.
Makina: Uu...
Narration: *After listening to the principal's explanations concerning the dorm and our current arrangements, the transfer student ultimately picks the room across from Matsushima-san's and next to Suou-san's.*
Amane: I guess we're neighbors now, Irisu-san. Looking forward to it!
Makina: Y-Yeah...
Principal: All right then. I'll show you around the school building while your things are being carried in. Follow me, please.
Makina: ......
Narration: *In an exact replay of their walk to the dorm, Irisu-san follows the principal shyly down the hall, staying a step behind at all times.*
Narration: *For some reason, the sight reminds me of a uniformed lady leading a lost child along my the hand. Something about that makes me a bit uneasy.*
Yumiko: It might be a bit rude to say this, but they were right to warn us... I do think we need to be rather careful this time.
Amane: Yeah... I don't think she was just nervous to meet us, either...
Michiru: Hmmm... hrrrrm....
Amane: What's the matter, Michiru? Looks like you're actually thinking something over for once...
Michiru: Okay, I think you sort of just dissed me there, but.. There's been something that's been bugging me for a while now...
Amane: R-Really? What is it?
Michiru: You saw that stuffed animal she was carrying around, right...? What character is that, anyway?
Amane: ...Is that really important right now?
Narration: *Our first impressions of Irisu Makina weren't particularly strong. At a glance, she seemed like nothing more than a rather introverted girl.*
Narration: *But her problems were in fact significantly more serious than that... as we'd begin to understand the very next morning.*

Date: *September XX, 2010, 06:10 - School Dormitory - Makina's Room*
Makina: Zzz... zzz...
Makina: Just... give 'em a whack with the jack, Uncle... they'll go down easy...
Narration: *A few moments after a vigorous knock on my door interrupted my preparations for sleep, I find myself standing in Irisu-san's room.*
Narration: *Its resident is currently curled up on the floor sound asleep, still dressed exactly as she was last afternoon.*
Narration: *Her cardboard boxes appear to be completely untouched; it seems she hasn't even begun to unpack her things yet.*
Yumiko: ...What on earth is going on here? And... was she sleeptalking just now?
Amane: I don't really get it either... I peeked in here just to check up on her, and found her like this.
Amane: I get the feeling she just lay down and went to sleep like this right after her tour of the school...
Michiru: Okay, but why sleep on the floor? That's not, like... normal, right?
Yumiko: I suppose she isn't normal, then.
Michiru: ......
Yumiko: In any case, I suppose we should wait for her to wake up and then ask her about this ourselves.
Amane: Yeah... I bet it wasn't easy for her to fall asleep. No need to wake her up early...
Narration: *The implication of Suou-san's words is clear enough; no one present raises an objection.*
Narration: *We end up waiting in Irisu-san's room silently for quite some time. About two hours later, she finally wakes up.*
Makina: Ah... aah...
Narration: *The girl's understandably startled to find the three of us present. Her body trembles like that of a frightened animal.*
Amane: It's okay. We're not here to pick on you or anything, okay? There's nothing to be afraid of.
Makina: ...Really?
Amane: Yeah, really. Would you mind talking with us for just a minute, though?
Makina: ......
Narration: *Perhaps reassured by the soft, soothing tone of Suou-san's voice, Irisu-san visibly relaxes and nods her head slightly.*
Amane: Okay then. Why were you sleeping on the floor?
Makina: ...I-I didn't know if... it was okay to use the bed.
Amane: And you're still wearing your uniform because...
Makina: I didn't... have any other clothes...
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *After a mere two questions, everyone except Irisu-san seems to have reached a certain understanding about this situation.*
Narration: *This girl isn't teasing us or kidding around. This really is what she's like.*
Makina: Mwoh.
Makina: ...!!!
Narration: *Irisu-san's stomach lets out a sudden growl. She abruptly dashes behind her pile of cardboard boxes, then pokes her head out to look at us.*
Makina: T-That wasn't... me...
Michiru: Oh, come on... you're not fooling anyone. That clearly came from you!
Makina: Uuu...
Amane: Michiru!
Michiru: Whaaat...? Should I not have said that either...?
Amane: You scared her, so obviously not! I'm sorry, Irisu-san... just ignore the weird blond girl.
Michiru: The "weird blond girl"!?
Amane: Don't worry, though. No one's gonna get mad at you just because your stomach rumbled.
Makina: ......
Michiru: Seriously though, that was a heck of a growl... Have you not eaten anything since yesterday, maybe?
Makina: N-Not really, ya know...?
Michiru: "Ya know"...?
Makina: ...!
Amane: Michiru!
Michiru: Argh, geez! I can't even repeat what she literally just said!? What do you want from me here!?!
Yumiko: We want you to stop talking.
Michiru: ...Ah. Right.
Amane: Okay then, I think we should be able to chat without being interrupted now...
Makina: Oh...
Amane: But before that, why don't we have some breakfast? Can't get anything done on an empty stomach, right?
Makina: ...Yeah.
Amane: Here you go. Dig in.♪
Amane: I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who's watching their weight, but this right here is tried and true bachlorette chow... rice with butter and soy sauce! You'd be surprised how tasty it is when you sprinkle on a little dried bonito!
Narration: *Suou-san certainly works quickly. Only a few minutes after we move to her room, she's whipped up a respectable breakfast.*
Narration: *It's a fairly simple offering, with only fried eggs and a banana accompanying the main course. But it's enough to fill the air with a stimulating scent.*
Makina: ......
Makina: W-Who was that!?
Michiru: Uh, you!!
Makina: Auu...
Yumiko: Really, Suou-san...? I thought you knew better.
Amane: Yeah, sorry... It was such a perfect setup that I just couldn't help myself...
Amane: Anyway, go ahead and dig in! I know it's nothing special, but I did what I could with the stuff I had lying around.
Makina: ......
Michiru: You don't have to look all suspicious. It's not poisoned, we promise. And Amane's an amazing cook.
Amane: I'm not gonna give you a bill later or anything, okay?
Makina: ...O-Okay then... Thanks...
Narration: *With that faint, hesitant reply, Irisu-san reaches out to the food in front of her.*
Narration: *However... she skips over the rice and eggs entirely, instead grabbing the banana included as dessert.*
Makina: Mm... mn... nom nom...
Amane: ...Okay, Irisu-san... is it me, or are you kind of a picky eater?
Makina: J-Just a tad...
Amane: Is some of this not to your liking?
Makina: S-Sorta, yeah...
Amane: ...Gotcha. Well, I'll just go grab some apples and oranges.
Narration: *Quickly ascertaining that Irisu-san's eating habits are somewhat unusual, Suou-san hurries off to procure more "dessert."*
Narration: *Irisu-san proceeds to gobble it all down with a focus and intensity that's actually rather difficult to watch.*
Amane: It really doesn't look like she's enjoying it that much, but look at her go... she must have been absolutely starving.
Yumiko: The girl probably went to sleep early last night to forget about how hungry she was...
Amane: Yeah...
Makina: ...Muh?
Narration: *Realizing that we're watching her with troubled expressions, Irisu-san looks up at us questioningly.*
Amane: Oh, it's nothing. Don't mind us, Irisu-san... keep right on eating.
Makina: Kay.
Narration: *Apparently reassured, Irisu-san immediately returns her focus to the food in front of her. Within less than 15 minutes, she's eaten through everything Suou-san has to offer.*
Makina: T-Thanks fer th' food... bluurp...
Amane: Ahaha... I was thinking about giving the leftover fruit to Michiru, but it looks like that won't be an issue...
Michiru: Okay, I really feel like you ate a little TOO much. Your belly's bulging out, for crying out loud.
Makina: Uu... but... this is how I always eat...
Amane: In that case... I guess I'll have to get a little inventive from now on...
Yumiko: "From now on," is it...?
Narration: *Those words make it very clear to me what Suou-san has in mind; and accordingly, I decide to let her take control of the conversation with the new girl.*
Amane: Anyway, I think you're probably pretty full by now... But is there anything else you need help with?
Makina: ...N-Nope.
Amane: ...I see.
Amane: In that case, I guess we should move on to setting up your room.
Makina: Huh...?
Amane: I mean... at this rate you'll end up sleeping on the floor again, right?
Makina: B-But...
Amane: Fortunately enough, these two said they'd lend a hand as well.
Yumiko: ...What?
Michiru: Hold on, I don't remember hearing anything about this!
Amane: Hmmm? That's funny. I could have sworn...
Amane: But hey, you're going to help anyway, right? I mean, you ARE a tsundere and all.
Michiru: Oh, so that's how you wanna play this? Just gonna throw down the tsundere card, huh?
Michiru: Well, whatever. Since you've got such high expectations of me, I suppose I'll just have to rise to the occasion... since I'm Mishima Cape's "number one tsundere" and all.
Amane: Uhm, I don't think I went quite that far...
Yumiko: In any case... it's not like we actually have much choice in this matter, do we?
Amane: ...You know... when it comes to that complete inability to be honest with yourselves, you two are actually pretty similar...
Yumiko: We are NOTHING like each other!
Amane: Well, you sure seem to be in sync...
Makina: Yeah...
Yumiko: ...Guh!!
Michiru: Hnnnngh...
Amane: Anyway, I think that's settled.
Makina: Kay...
Narration: *I'm not entirely enthused to be roped into helping out, but Irisu-san doesn't have that much luggage to begin with. It takes us less than two hours to get her room into a presentable state.*
Amane: Okay, I just made up your bed with some nice freshly dried sheets, so I think we're done for now.
Makina: E-Erm... thanks... fer helpin' me out...
Amane: Aw, you're welcome.♪
Michiru: I-It's not like I did it for your sake or anything! I'm just living up to my tsundere ideals!
Yumiko: If you find yourself in need of anything, go talk to the principal. The school should be able to provide whatever you want.
Makina: Kay...
Michiru: Gotta say, though... no girl should be stuck with only three outfits in their closet, right...?
Amane: True enough. Why don't you come shopping with me this afternoon?
Makina: ...U-Uhm... Would that really be... acceptable...?
Amane: Hm? Oh, sure. I needed to pick up some stuff myself anyway.
Makina: Auu... That's not what I meant... Can I actually, uhm... leave this building...?
Amane: ...Huh?
Makina: Back when I was in th' hospital... they told me not to go outside, ya know...?
Amane: I see. So that's it...
Amane: Well, don't worry about that. We don't have any rules like that at Mihama Academy.
Makina: Ooh...
Amane: Still, this campus itself is pretty darn big... so when you leave the dorm, make sure to flip the little sign under your name to "Out."
Amane: Oh, and if you're leaving the school grounds, try to let someone know beforehand.
Makina: S-Sure... no problem...
Narration: *We've finished setting up her room and provided her with some sweet bread to serve as emergency rations. Superficially, that takes care of everything for the moment...*
Narration: *But all three of us are still feeling rather uneasy about the situation, so we decide to hold a special meeting immediately afterward.*
Amane: I think we've done all we can for right now, but... is Irisu-san really going to be okay...?
Yumiko: I was a bit concerned by the way she speaks, honestly... her tone of voice seems to change constantly...
Michiru: Well... yeah, I don't think we can let our guard down. I mean, we're talking about a girl who just goes hungry when she can't find anything to eat...
Yumiko: If even Matsushima-san's worried about her... that says a lot, doesn't it?
Amane: Very true...
Michiru: Wait, what the heck is that supposed to mean!?
Yumiko: That said, I don't think we'd be doing the girl any favors by doing absolutely everything for her.
Amane: I do agree, but... she seems so vulnerable that I feel like someone just has to keep an eye on her...
Yumiko: In other words, she's in need of a caretaker...
Michiru: ―Wha!? Okay, no, that's not gonna be me. I've got my hands full with my own problems! And anyway, I can't stand kids!
Yumiko: I'd rather not take on the responsibility either, to be honest.
Amane: Okay then. I'll look after her!
Yumiko: I thought you might offer to do so... but are you sure about this? I expect it's going to be even harder than you could imagine.
Amane: Maybe... but at the very least, she needs someone who can feed her. That kinda rules out you two completely, right?
Yumiko: ...I suppose so. Out of the three of us, you're the only one with the skills to meet her immediate needs.
Amane: Yep. Might as well just leave it to me, then.
Yumiko: Very well. Let's give it a try for a while and see how things go.
Michiru: Are you sure you can handle this, Amane? It seemed like she was struggling just to respond to your questions...
Amane: Yeah, well... I'm just gonna have to try and soften her up little by little, you know?
Michiru: Soften her up...? Are you gonna soak her in the bath tub or something?
Amane: Uhh, there might be something like that involved, I guess... but basically, I just want to help her feel comfortable opening up to me.
Amane: For starters, I'm going to make sure to get her stomach firmly under my control...
Narration: *"They say the way to a man's heart is through his belly, right? And innocent little kids will follow anyone who offers to give them candy."*
Narration: *"That's just how the world works... And therefore, there's only one thing for me to do!"*
Narration: *With these forceful words, Suou-san officially announces her intention to begin "softening up" Irisu-san beginning the very next day.*
Date: *September XX, 2010, 19:00 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Amane: Irisu-san, today's dinner is everyone's favorite: curry! I even topped it with sirloin steak and cheese for a little extra satisfaction! We're not counting calories tonight!
Makina: Auu...
Narration: *First, she tries a combination of every kid's two favorite school lunches...*
Date: *September XX, 2010, 12:47 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Amane: Irisu-san, Irisu-san! I made some chocolate donuts for our snack today... do you want some?
Makina: ...Woh?
Narration: *Next, she goes with a sweet, high-calorie dessert universally beloved by children...*
Date: *September XX, 2010, 19:13 - School Dormitory - Amane's Room*
Amane: Well, today we've got ground Miyazaki herb beef and boiled Tenran-ukokkei eggs...
Amane: And I also threw together a fancy meatloaf in vintage red wine sauce... think you'd like to try any of that?
Makina: Uuh... W-Well... I can't eat meat because of, er... religious reasons...
Amane: Aah... no kidding...?
Narration: *And in the end, she even resorts to making a genuinely fancy meal, using only the best ingredients and committing a great deal of her own time...*
Narration: *But no matter what Suou-san offers up, Irisu-san finds some reason to reject the food.*
Narration: *Far from winning her over, this strategy seems to have actually made her more wary around Suou-san.*
Narration: *―I can't say I find that surprising, though.*
Narration: *People who regard themselves as basically worthless should be extremely wary of those who approach them with gentle words and displays of kindness.*
Narration: *In the course of my own life to date, I've learned that all too well.*
Date: *September XX, 2010, 12:47 - School Dormitory - Laundry Room*
Amane: Dabwaaah... Ubwooh...
Amane: I really don't wanna do anything else today... almost feel like saying "to hell with it" and ordering out for pizza, then drowning myself in soda...
Michiru: W-What do we dooo..? Amane's kinda falling apart here...
Yumiko: ...Enough with the sulking, please. Your behavior's unsettling Matsushima-san.
Yumiko: I mean, you knew from the start that Irisu-san wouldn't be easy to win over, didn't you?
Amane: Well, I guess... but I kinda take pride in my cooking skills, so it's really hard to accept that I failed so badly...
Amane: It's sort of like... getting spanked on your home turf by some guy with an out-of-prefecture license plate, you know?
Yumiko: I have no idea what that would feel like, sorry...
Amane: But in any case... if the food isn't working, I guess I need to find some other way...
Yumiko: ...I suppose so.
Narration: *While Suou-san's initial strategy did end in failure... all her efforts on Irisu-san's behalf nonetheless improved the girl's standard of living in a number of obvious ways.*
Narration: *However, it didn't take long before new problems arose to replace those we had already addressed.*
Makina: Zz... zzz...
Yumiko: Huh...? I-Irisu-san?
Narration: *For example, there was the time I found her sleeping like a log on the roof of the dorm...*
Makina: That chalk looks hella good. It's totally edible, right...? Especially th' yellow an' blue ones...
Michiru: Okay, hold on, stop. You can't eat chalk, okay? I'm speaking from experience here.
Narration: *...Or the time we spotted her staring at the chalk under the blackboard, drooling slightly...*
Makina: Who d'ya think yer glarin' at, ya little punk!? Ya wanna go!? Ya wanna piece of Makina, huh!?
Cat: ...Mrow?
Amane: Come on, cut it out! The cat's clearly not interested!
Narration: *...Or the time she picked a fight with a feline that had wandered onto the school grounds.*
Narration: *Her strange, unpredictable behavior has been alarming enough that the three of us ultimately felt the need to call a second group meeting.*
Yumiko: This is a rather distressing situation...
Amane: Yeah... Irisu-san is about as curious as a toddler right now, so I can't take my eyes off her for a second...
Michiru: And of course, she still freaks out and hides behind stuff when we're just trying to say hello to her...
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: I hate to said it, but... does anybody else think she's not really ready to live in a dorm?
Michiru: To be honest, I have no idea how I'm supposed to interact with her...
Amane: Michiru...
Michiru: Look, it's not like I want her to go away... I don't hate her or anything, you know? And I don't even know why she had to come here, of course...
Michiru: It's just... I dunno how to put this, but... I can't help feeling she might be better off somewhere else, if it's an option...
Yumiko: ...True enough. Given the current state of affairs, I think that's an entirely justifiable opinion.
Amane: Not you too, Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: However, I'm afraid it simply isn't an option.
Michiru: It's not an option? What do you...
Yumiko: Well, putting all that aside... I think we should consult with the principal before moving on to any more drastic measures.
Narration: *At this rate, something truly regrettable might happen sooner or later.*
Narration: *And since we've come to this conclusion, it's probably my responsibility to bring the matter to Principal Tachibana.*
Principal: Take a look at this, Sakaki-san! It's a loquat I picked from one of the trees we have growing on campus! See?
Principal: You know, loquats are extremely rich in both beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin...
Principal: Meaning they're good for your eyes AND your skin! Perfect for someone who stays up all night on her computer!
Yumiko: I truly do understand that this isn't a conversation you want to have, but please stop trying to change the subject.
Principal: In other words... you really are here about Irisu-san, I assume...?
Yumiko: Yes. As I believe you may have noticed, we've been running into a number of problems with her.
Yumiko: First and foremost, she lacks the fundamental skills required to look after herself. Suou-san is basically taking care of her for now, but even so...
Yumiko: ...I think we have to consider the burden that responsibility is placing on her. It's the opinion of our class that we should explain the situation to Irisu-san's family... and request that they send someone to act as her caretaker.
Principal: ...I see. To be certain, Irisu-san is currently lacking the life skills necessary to be live independently in a student dorm.
Principal: But even if we conveyed that to her family, they won't be able to do anything.
Yumiko: Is there some kind of a problem?
Principal: ...To be honest, I'm not entirely sure I should be telling you any of this...
Principal: But at present, the Irisu are locked in a hostile standoff between the main family and the branch family regarding the appointment of the clan's successor. Both of them are acting very cautiously at present.
Yumiko: In other words... there's a possibility that her transfer into Mihama Academy isn't even public knowledge?
Principal: That's exactly right.
Yumiko: A succession dispute, is it...? Sounds rather messy...
Principal: That said, we don't want to place a burden on our other students... so I would like to take some sort of independent action to resolve this situation.
Yumiko: I would very much appreciate that, thank you.
Amane: Sorry to interrupt, Principal Tachibana! There's something you really need to know!!
Yumiko: S... Suou-san?
Principal: Uhm... do you have something to tell me about Irisu-san as well, perhaps?
Amane: No, no. I mean, it does involve Irisu-san, yes... but that's not it...
Principal: ...Pardon?
Amane: Aagh, geez! We've got an emergency on our hands here, okay!? Irisu-san has completely disappeared!!
Yumiko: ...She has?
Narration: *From what Suou-san tells us, she first noticed Irisu-san was missing around noon today.*
Narration: *Since it was about time for lunch, she'd stopped by Irisu-san's room, but found it empty... And although she's been looking around the school grounds ever since, the girl is apparently nowhere to be found.*
Yumiko: It seems we had good reason to be concerned...
Amane: Irisu-san doesn't seem to have a phone or anything, so I don't have any means of contacting her...
Michiru: ...Uh, hey... this is just a possibility, but d'you think she might have just run away?
Amane: Huh...?
Michiru: I mean, it basically seemed like she was terrified of us, right? Maybe she just couldn't stand being here anymore...
Yumiko: In that case, we'd have to start searching outside the school grounds as well...
Amane: Hmm... I really dunno if that's what happened...
Michiru: So you think this is something else, Amane?
Amane: I mean, she definitely isn't comfortable here yet... but I feel like she wasn't really "scared" of us, exactly...
Yumiko: ......
Amane: And I think the odds are pretty good that she's still somewhere on campus.
Principal: Do you have some reason to believe that...?
Amane: Well, it's not exactly conclusive evidence or anything, but...
Amane: The thing is, she's vanished on me like this a few times before... But she's always made sure to let me know whenever she wants to leave the campus. Since she didn't say anything this time, I don't think she went outside...
Principal: I see. In that case, let's all check the campus one more time.
Principal: However, since we can't rule out the possibility she's gotten into some kind of accident... I think we need to set a time limit. We'll call off the search at eight PM.
Amane: Okay, got it!
Narration: *We haven't even known each other for a single month, but I still don't want to just shrug my shoulders and ask the police to find Irisu-san. And everyone else seems to feel the same way.*
Narration: *Splitting up to reduce the possibility of passing her by, we set to work searching the dorm, school building, and the grounds outside.*
Amane: How'd it go? Did you see her, Michiru?
Michiru: I would've called you right away if I had...
Yumiko: No sign of her in the school building, either.
Amane: Yeah, figures... I mean, I had checked them pretty thoroughly already...
Michiru: I dunno. Maybe she really did leave the campus?
Amane: Hmm... you think...?
Yumiko: In any case, wandering around aimlessly isn't getting us anywhere... I wish we at least had some sort of clue as to her location...
Michiru: Good point. Amane, was she behaving strangely or anything? Maybe she left you a message? Like, "don't bother trying to tack me down?"
Amane: ...Er... I think you mean "track me down," Michiru.
Amane: Anyway, I didn't notice anything weird. Her room was exactly the same as always... I guess there was an empty snack bag sitting on top of her table, but that's the only thing that comes to mind...
Yumiko: That's not particularly helpful in itself, I'm afraid...
Michiru: Yeah, true... And now I'm getting kinda hungry...
Yumiko: Really!?
Michiru: C'mon, I can't help it! Amane mentioned snacks, and that reminded me I haven't eaten anything in a while...
Amane: Oh, c'mon... I'll make you something once we've found her, so just deal with it for now!
Yumiko: I do have this loquat the principal gave me, if you're interested...
Michiru: ...A lolcat? Isn't that some dumb internet thing? How is that even edible?
Yumiko: I'm a bit surprised you even know about those...
Amane: A loquat...?
Michiru: You mean lolcat?
Amane: Uh, no... When you get hungry, it's pretty normal to say something about it, right?
Michiru: Well, of course. Not like you're gonna get fed if you keep it to yourself!
Amane: Yeah. But if you can't speak up, then...
Amane: ―That's it!
Yumiko: Did you realize something?
Amane: I think I might know where Irisu-san is!!
Yumiko: Huh...?
Michiru: Wha...? Wait for us, Amane!!
Makina: ―Nwoh!
Narration: *I'm awoken from a light slumber by the sudden growling of my own stomach.*
Narration: *Almost immediately, I remember exactly how much of a mess I've gotten myself into.*
Makina: When I left th' dorm... the sky was still blue...
Narration: *Realizing that I'm now sitting in darkness, I look up to see a night sky full of stars.*
Narration: *Seems like I must have worn myself out moving around and fallen asleep for quite a while.*
Makina: Guess this is what I deserve fer bein' such a pig...
Narration: *That lady with the big boobs has been making me lunches lately, but they're always too small... just like the meals I used to get in the hospital.*
Narration: *And I was racing that kitty-cat in the courtyard today, so I was already starving even before noon came around.*
Narration: *I headed back to my room and ate up all the snacks I'd bought for emergencies. It wasn't enough, though... I ended up heading out of the dorm in search of more food.*
Narration: *But if I wanted to go to the convenience store, I'd have to let someone know first.*
Narration: *And if I did that, the lady with the big boobs would have realized I was hungry. She probably would have felt obliged to make something for me.*
Narration: *As I was trying to decide how to handle that dilemma, a sweet smell wafted over to me on the breeze.*
Narration: *Tracking it down to its source, I found a loquat tree standing at the side of the school building.*
Narration: *Ripe, tasty-looking fruits were hanging temptingly from its branches.*
Makina: Man, I thought everything was turnin' up Makina...
Narration: *I didn't have any trouble shimmying my way up the tree at first... But just as I was getting close to the fruit, my foot slipped off a branch, and I tumbled down into the nearby construction area.*
Narration: *―Yep. I landed right in a deep, dark hole.*
Narration: *This pit was obviously dug by a pretty big machine. It goes down a lot deeper than I thought... no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't manage to climb out of it on my own.*
Makina: Hyehehe... guess I really am just an idiot, huh...?
Narration: *"The eldest Irisu girl is a genuine prodigy."*
Narration: *Even when the people around me started saying stuff like that, my mom never stopped calling me a moron.*
Narration: *Now that I think about it, this stupid mess I've gotten myself into might actually be pretty representative of my life as a whole.*
Narration: *For as long as I can remember, the things I want have always been snatched away from me.*
Narration: *My favorite toy...*
Narration: *That picture book I read until all the pages were creased...*
Narration: *Even my little sister...*
Narration: *When I try to reach out for something, it always seems to slip between my fingers.*
Narration: *Right... *
Narration: *It was the same with my father...*
Masataka: "I'm sorry..."
Masataka: "Makina... would you mind... talking to me about something? I want to hear your voice..."
Masataka: "Anything's fine... A funny story would be nice right about now..."
Makina: Wonder if... I'm gonna die down here...
Makina: Maybe no one's ever gonna find me... and I'll just starve ta death... all alone...
Narration: *In my mind's eye, I can see my dad struggling to breathe, dark-red blood flowing freely from his stomach.*
Narration: *At first, he kept talking to me normally. But eventually, he got all quiet... his body swelled up... and he started letting off this really awful stench...*
Makina: Please... no...
Makina: I don't wanna feel like that... again...
Makina: I don't wanna feel... that kinda pain, or sadness, or hunger... ever again!!
Narration: *I don't want to think anymore. I don't even want to be alive anymore. I hate the world, and everything in it.*
Narration: *My vision distorts as tears gather in my eyes, and a shrill ringing echoes painfully inside my head.*
Makina: Uu... uuu...
Makina: Waaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *But then, I hear a loud voice shouting down to me―*
Amane: ―Irisu-san!?
Amane: It's okay! We're going to pull you up out of there right now! You're gonna be fine!!
Makina: Ah... ah...
Narration: *I don't really understand it myself...*
Narration: *But the instant I hear that voice, color returns to my pitch-black world.*
Amane: Okay, there we go...
Makina: I... I'm sorry fer the trouble...
Narration: *As Suou-san brushes soil from her uniform in the aftermath of our successful rescue, Irisu-san apologizes in a soft, tentative voice.*
Amane: Did you hurt yourself? Anything broken?
Makina: Nope...
Amane: You don't feel nauseous or sick, do you?
Makina: I'm okay...
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *It must have been terrifying to be trapped at the bottom of that dark pit for hours on end.*
Narration: *Even so, Irisu-san isn't crying, clinging to anyone, or expressing her fear. She's just standing there quietly.*
Narration: *By now, it's a very familiar sight.*
Amane: ...Thought so. I think I get it now, Irisu-san...
Makina: Huh...?
Narration: *Bending her knees to bring her face level with that of Irisu-san, Suou-san reaches out and embraces the girl.*
Makina: Ah...
Amane: It's okay. You don't have to pretend anymore...
Amane: You know, Irisu-san... I've been trying to figure out for quite a while why you never act naturally around us.
Amane: But today... I finally found my answer...
Amane: You've been trying really hard not to bother us, haven't you?
Amane: You don't want us to feel pity for you... and you don't want to be a burden...
Makina: ...!?
Amane: But you know... I want to know what you're really like, Irisu-san. And I hope you can lean on us a little more.
Amane: At the very least, none of your classmates are going to hate you just because you need a little help.
Amane: This might not be something to brag about, but... Michiru, Sakaki-san, and I aren't really the fragile type. You're not gonna wear us out that easily...
Yumiko: ...True enough. I've managed to endure these two somehow, at least...
Michiru: S-She's right, you know? Heck, if bothering people a little was enough to get you kicked out of this place, they'd have shown me the door a long time ago!
Makina: ...D'you really mean that?
Amane: Does it look like we're lying to you, Irisu-san?
Makina: ...So then... can I say "I'm hungry" when my stomach starts rumbling?
Amane: Yep.
Makina: You won't get mad... even if I'm really picky about my food?
Amane: Yeah... and I'll try even harder to help you enjoy the stuff you don't like...
Makina: And you won't die... even if someone shoots you with a gun?
Amane: Uhhh... sorry, I'm really not sure I can give you my word on that one...
Makina: Hehehe... that's fine... I don't like liars, ya know...?
Amane: Well... you've got nothing to worry about, then...
Makina: Uu, uuu... *Sniff*... *Sob*...
Makina: Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *After pinpointing the nature of Irisu-san's inner conflict, she embraced her nonetheless.*
Narration: *It wasn't something Matsushima-san or myself would have been remotely capable of; by pulling off that feat, Suou-san proved herself the most appropriate person to take care of Irisu-san.*
Narration: *I don't know whether Suou-san reached the same conclusion herself, but she did emphatically reject the school's tentative plans to hire a caretaker to look after Irisu-san.*
Narration: *Having declared "I'll make sure she grows up into a fine woman!" like a single mother who lost her husband in a tragic accident, she's now become Irisu-san's guardian in a semi-official capacity.*
Makina: Aaaaaaah... this bath's workin' wonders on my worn-out muscles, man...
Yumiko: ......
Makina: But seriously though, that thing ya made me earlier was friggin' awesome! What was it, a patented specialty from some high-class restaurant!?
Amane: It was just an egg sandwich I made in my spare time...
Amane: By the way, uh... I did say I wanted to see who you really are, but... hasn't your personality changed a little TOO much?
Makina: Quit bein' such a hard-ass, Ama-nee. It's like the ol' guys at th' hospital used ta say: the only part of a woman that should be "hard" is her nipples!
Amane: ...And you've gotten awfully foul-mouthed, too...
Michiru: Wait a sec. Did you just call her "Ama-nee"?
Makina: Yep! Her name's Amane, and she's sorta like a big sister to me, ya know?
Makina: Just be careful about the pronun-see-ashun, okay? If ya slip up and call her "Anal-nee," that'd be downright insultin'.
Amane: Uh... is it just me, or is that part of the reason you went with this nickname...?
Makina: Anyhoo, blondie's gonna be "Chiruchiru" from now on, I think.
Michiru: Geh... "blondie"? Are you talking about me?
Makina: Who th' heck else would I be talkin' about, man...?
Michiru: In that case, you should call me "Michiru-sama," not "Chiruchiru" or whatever. Didn't I tell you that when we first met!?
Makina: Er, sorry... I don't like ta act too respectful, except with people I actually admire...
Michiru: Uh... hold a second... was that like a really roundabout way of insulting me? It was, wasn't it?
Amane: Okay then, what about Sakaki-san? What kind of nickname are you gonna give her?
Makina: ...Hwoh?
Michiru: Huh...? Why are you hesitating a little bit this time?
Makina: I mean... I kinda feel like she's gonna spank me if I try ta give her one...
Yumiko: Well, I certainly wouldn't take kindly to receiving some bizarre nickname.
Makina: Uuu...
Amane: You know... it looks like she's gotten a pretty strange impression of you, Sakaki-san.
Michiru: It's your own fault, Yumiko. You're always scowling, so she just assumed you must be a mean person...
Yumiko: I don't know what you expect me to do about it...
Makina: Ah, but... it's not like I hate you or anything, okay? Don't worry about it too much...
Amane: In that case, why don't you come up with a nickname for her too? I don't think she'll get mad at you.
Makina: O-Okay then, uhm... how's about... Yumi-chan?
Yumiko: ...Y-Yumi-chan?
Michiru: No fair! How come Yumiko's the only one with such a plain nickname? Couldn't you come up with anything weirder?
Makina: I mean... she's got th' most plain face, ya know?
Yumiko: ―Guh!
Amane: H-Hold on a second... did you just c-call Sakaki-san "plain"...? Pfft!
Michiru: Y-You really shouldn't have gone there... *Snort*!
Yumiko: Look here, you two...
Makina: Huh? She seems kinda mad! Ya said she wouldn't get angry, so I tried my best to think up somethin'... what the heck?
Yumiko: Irisu-san... You've got a lot of nerve, don't you? Especially for someone who was so worried about getting spanked...
Makina: Uh, ya got it all wrong! I just meant there wasn't anythin' funny about yer face! Ya got everything right where it should be... so can'tcha just, uh, laugh it off...?
Yumiko: Well... I do imagine Suou-san would be willing to do so at this point...
Yumiko: But unfortunately, I'm not quite as merciful as she is...
Makina: ...Hweh?
Yumiko: Allow me show exactly you what happens... when you tease the wrong "plain-faced" girl!!
Makina: Noooooooo! Yer... yer tearin' a new hole in my beeeeehind!!

Narration: *In the aftermath of the peculiar affair that would come to be known as the "Lolcat Incident"...*
Narration: *By the time she's moved into Suou-san's room, we've started to grow accustomed to the new, overly energetic Irisu-san ― the complete opposite of her old self.*
Narration: *September, 2010, 14:22 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Makina: Ooh... That's nice 'n snug. Feels like slippin' yer dick into the pussy of a woman ya been married to fer twenty years!
Amane: Come back, Makina. It's not safe to run around like that until I've tightened up your shoelaces. And by the way, young ladies shouldn't be saying the word "dick" out loud!
Yumiko: ...You just said it rather loudly yourself.
Amane: Whoops! So much for setting a good example...
Makina: Ah... Yumi-chan...
Yumiko: Those boots Irisu-san's wearing... aren't those yours, Suou-san?
Amane: Ah, yeah... A pair of brown Red Wings, PT91 with knife pocket.
Makina: So it's like this: I found 'em in the closet, and it was love at first sight...
Makina: And I was like, "Please... can I have theeem? I want 'em so muuuuch." Jus' a little bit of seduction and Ama-nee was wrapped around my little finger.
Yumiko: But... didn't you like them so much you had to brag about them, even to someone who knew nothing about them like me?
Amane: Well, I do like them, but... you know how a mother feels when her daughter begs her for that beautiful handbag her husband gave her? It's sorta like... "If it makes her happy, I don't mind."
Yumiko: ...Is that so?
Narration: *Ever since the incident the other day, Suou-san has been rather protective of Irisu-san. It seems her feelings may have developed into something like a maternal instinct.*
Makina: B-But these boots are really super convenient, ya see?
Yumiko: ...Convenient?
Makina: Yep. Although th' charm point is the pocket here...
Michiru: Haah... It's sooo hot... The world must be lying to me. It can't be this hot except in August...
Makina: As the blonde who's conveniently walked onto th' scene isn't payin' attention...
Makina: ...I toss an origami ninja star right at her belly!
Michiru: ―Mmm!?
Michiru: What? What was that just now!?
Makina: Yer doin' it wrong! That was a direct hit ta yer vitals! Yer s'posed to be dyin' now! Fall over and play dead already!
Michiru: Huh? I don't really get it, but if you say so, then...
Michiru: A-Arghhhhh...
Makina: Hwahahahaha! That's classic Chiruchiru right there! Only you'd react like that to a paper ninja star!
Michiru: You're the one who told me to do it!
Makina: I mean, th' way ya always give in no matter what... I really like that soft side, ya know?
Michiru: Tha― Ugh... W-What are you saying now...I-It's not like I hate you that much or anything, get it?
Yumiko: What exactly is going on...?
Amane: Makina! Didn't I already tell you not to throw that thing at people?
Amane: Ah'm gonna take back them boots, ya hear? Geez, seriously...
Narration: *There's something I really respect about Suou-san.*
Narration: *In this day and age, with more and more parents seemingly incapable of scolding their children, Suou-san always make sure to scold, and even spank, Irisu-san whenever she behaves badly.*
Narration: *That's proper education, and it's also why we can be sure Irisu-san's bad behavior won't repeat.*
Makina: Oh... Jesus... Jus' not that...
Makina: I'm so sowwy, Chiruchiru.
Amane: I'm sorry about her, too, Michiru.
Michiru: Y-You don't have to apologize so much... I was just a bit surprised.
Makina: Hmm-hmm... In that case, guess we can go with rubber bullets next time...
Amane: Ma-ki-na!
Makina: J-Jus' kiddin'... I hate when ya get angry like that, ya know?
Amane: Whatever. Are we still going to buy cat food or not? It's starting to get late.
Makina: Ouiii!
Makina: An' that's how it is. Later, Chiruchiru! A-And Yumi-chan, too.
Yumiko: Don't call me Yumi-chan!
Michiru: Haaa... And to think she could only say "Aah" or "Uuh" before...
Michiru: She's transformed into a mischievous kitten now...
Yumiko: But now that she can deal with what's on her mind, I'm finding her a lot easier to deal with.
Michiru: ...Well, yeah.
Yumiko: And it doesn't look like Suou-san's letting her loose. We might not actually have to find a caretaker after all.
Michiru: But... aren't you pretty soft on her yourself?
Yumiko: ...Me? Where did you get that idea from? 
Michiru: You always respond to her when she calls you "Yumi-chan," don't you? The Yumiko I know would just ignore her.
Yumiko: Well, you do seem to have a point there.
Michiru: See? Is there any special reason for that?
Yumiko: ...Not at all. It's just that the nickname she gave me isn't as weird as yours.
Michiru: Huh? Does "Chiruchiru" sound that weird to you? I'm actually starting to like it...
Narration: *To be honest, the real reason is something else.*
Narration: *But that's not something I can just tell her. Not when I know she'd just roll on the floor laughing once she heard.*
Yumiko: But does anyone else feel like we've gotten into a pattern where a new student comes in as soon as things have settled down?
Michiru: Hey, don't say that! You've just triggered a plug by saying that!
Yumiko: Yeah, a "plug." That's what I'm going to pull on you...
Narration: *Even though I'm not one to believe in "flag" tropes... *
Narration: *...I don't know if causality's at work here, but there's an announcement about a new transfer student during homeroom the very next day.*
Narration: *September, 2010, 08:45 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Principal: It's been decided that we will be welcoming a new student to this class.
Yumiko: In that case, please make sure it's a normal person this time...
Michiru: Hey, that's a little rude, you know? You're saying that like we're not normal.
Yumiko: Am I wrong, though?
Michiru: Huh? I-Is she right? Amane...?
Amane: Why are you asking me!?
Makina: Well, it's not like I dunno how ya feel, Yumi-chan, but yer askin' fer th' impossible here.
Makina: If yer transferrin' into a school like this, you've definitely got at least a few skeletons in th' closet... and probably one or two buried in th' backyard ta boot!
Principal: A-Am I just imagining things, or is Irisu-san a little... different today?
Amane: Yeah... this is what she's really like, I guess...
Makina: Woo! Greetings from Irisu Makina the Reborn!
Principal: W-Well, I suppose it's a good thing that one of our students has become so lively.
Principal: The transfer student this time is the same age as Irisu-san, and will also be studying the same things.
Makina: Hoh... So, what kind of bitch's comin'? Ex-stripper or what?
Principal: Let's see... To put it simply, I'd say an honor student with no sense of humor?
Makina: Thanks fer th' food!! The pasta with lotsa lobster was super yummy!
Amane: I'm glad you're willing to eat different things now, but... could you slow down a little? I wouldn't mind you going back to how you were at first, at least when it comes to how fast you eat.
Makina: Sorry, but NO! I'm a woman who doesn't look back ta th' past, ya catch my drift?
Michiru: But seriously, do you think the next transfer student's really going to be an honor student...? I've got a bad feeling about this...
Amane: It's probably best not to try and guess what she'll be like. Could lead to a negative view of the person eventually.
Michiru: Oh, I know... "Don't look at things through fake glasses," right?
Makina: Th' whole point of fake glasses is that they don't change how ya see things, Chiruchiru...
Michiru: But they're a prep student. Does that mean they can memorize entire textbooks like Makina does?
Yumiko: I wonder... They do say photographic memory is a learnable technique, but... I think it would take some natural talent to do it as well as Irisu-san.
Makina: H-Huh...? Why do ya know so much about it, Yumi-chan...?
Yumiko: I was interested, so I looked it up.
Makina: S-Scary... So have ya looked into my underwear, too...?
Yumiko: Of course not! Why would I do something like that!?
Makina: Speakin' of which, all th' talk about my memory's remindin' me that I wanna read th' next issue of that manga Chiruchiru lent me.
Michiru: Well... I don't mind lending you more, but... they always come back full of crumbs from your snacks...
Makina: No worries. I'll have pizza this time instead!
Michiru: That won't change anything!
Makina: C'mon, quit makin' a fuss over the small stuff an' just get goin' already, will ya!?
Michiru: Ow, geez. Fine, I'll go get it.
Amane: Even though she's got that look on her face, Michiru always keeps Makina company. She's actually pretty caring, isn't she?
Yumiko: ...Indeed. She's a different type of do-gooder from you.
Amane: Yeah... All we can do is try to do things that are "good" for her.
Yumiko: What's this all of a sudden...?
Amane: Well... That means we can't play dumb for her, right?
Amane: That's why I really hope the new transfer student is someone who can look at things the same way Makina does, so she'll have someone she can really enjoy spending time with.
Yumiko: ...That may be a bit too much to ask for.
Narration: *Just when we've become comfortable with the changes, and our reverse-Jenga web of relationships somehow found a balance, a new piece is shoved in.*
Narration: *While each of us is still busy sorting out our own expectations for the new transfer student, the appointed day has arrived in the blink of an eye.*
Date: *September XX, 2010, 13:00 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Makina: U-Ugh...
Michiru: So, why's Makina reverting back to her old self now?
Makina: B-But... What if th' new kid turns out ta be real scary...?
Principal: I seriously doubt that's going to happen, at least.
Makina: ...Really?
Principal: Yes. I heard our transfer student was the class president with top grades at their previous school.
Amane: Wow... A real "honor student," huh...?
Yumiko: Yeah, but why would such an "honor student" transfer to this school...?
Principal: That's...
Michiru: Actually, that's not what I'm worried about...
Yumiko: What are you worried about, then?
Michiru: Well...
Michiru: Amane came on a bike, I came in the taxi, and Makina had that trailer, right?
Michiru: Think about it! The next one's gonna be something even more incredible!
Makina: A-A battle robot? Or maybe th' transfer student is a giant robot!?
Amane: Nah, that's too out there... Think it'll be a helicopter or something at worst.
Yumiko: ...We'll know soon enough.
Narration: *When the moment of truth comes, as everyone's holding their breath and turning their eyes to the school gate, a silhouette slides through the gate right at the appointed time.*
Makina: Huh...!? What was that!?
Michiru: ...Huh? Isn't that... a bicycle?
Narration: *After stopping inside the gate, the silhouette gets off the bicycle, then slowly walks toward us.*
Narration: *When the silhouette gets closer, we realize it's a young girl...*
Sachi: Erm... Please excuse me, but might this be Mihama Academy?
Principal: Yes, that's right. And you must be Komine-san?
Sachi: Yes, I'm Komine Sachi. Thank you for allowing me to be a student in your preparatory course starting today.
Sachi: Now, kneel and lick my shoes.
Makina: Wha...!
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Michiru: Umm... Am I supposed to laugh now?
Sachi: I'm so sorry... On the way here, a policeman stopped me for questioning. After I explained things to him, he told me that would give everyone a good laugh...
Amane: H-Heh... Quite an interesting policeman you met...
Sachi: I'm really sorry... That must have been a bit too sudden.
Amane: Uh, you don't have to apologize... Isn't that bicycle the "RIRI" model by Parasonic, though? You like it?
Sachi: No, not in particular. I purchased it because the store's employee recommended it to me.
Amane: But isn't it a bit strange for you to come here on a bicycle? Or maybe... you live near here?
Sachi: No, my house is in the Niigata prefecture...
Amane: Huh? What do you mean? Don't tell me you rode all the way here on that thing!
Sachi: That's correct. On this bicycle known for its environmental friendliness, I, Sachi Komine, have been heading south along National Route 17 to arrive here at Mishima Cape.
Amane: Ahaha... That's a good joke... You're quite an amusing person, Komine-san...
Sachi: What...?
Michiru: H-Hmph! That's not enough to make me laugh, though!
Sachi: D-Don't take it wrong way! It's not like I said it to make you laugh or anything!
Michiru: Huh...!? T-That's the "Tsun-gaeshi" technique, using tsun to return my tsundere's tsun... 
Michiru: I was a bit worried when I heard you were an honor student... but now I have the feeling we're gonna get along just fine!
Sachi: Yes, thank you very much.
Yumiko: ...Haaa...
Narration: *She knows how to hold a conversation, and she's quite ladylike despite her age... But above all, there's something about her that won't allow me to simply label her as such.*
Narration: *That's my first impression of the new transfer student.*
Sachi: Again, I'm Komine Sachi. It's a pleasure to meet all of you.
Narration: *After giving us each a small gift of dango wrapped in bamboo leaves, the transfer student bows deeply before us. *
Narration: *These little gestures seem to suggest that she's a friendly enough sort, although not in the same way as Suou-san.*
Yumiko: Sakaki Yumiko, first year.
Amane: I'm Suou Amane, second year. Nice to meet you.
Makina: I-I'm Irisu Makina... A preparatory student... Nice to meetcha...
Sachi: Umm... Sakaki-san, Suou-san and Irisu-san. I've committed it to memory.
Michiru: ...And don't forget me, Matsushima Michiru!
Amane: Don't tell me... you're going to do that again?
Michiru: You got that right...
Michiru: And that's why I'm going to teach this ignorant transfer student something very important. You can probably tell just from looking at me, but I'm a tsundere... the number one tsundere in all Mishima Cape, in fact...
Michiru: So call me "Michiru-sama," okay?
Sachi: Certainly.
Michiru: Absolutely, you hear? You gotta address me like that until the end of time!
Sachi: Yes, I understand.
Michiru: ...
Michiru: ...Huh?
Sachi: From this moment on, I shall call you Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Ah, yeah...
Amane: Michiru! What are you making her say!?
Michiru: Ah, no... I just figured it'd get ignored like always...
Amane: I'm so sorry, Komine-san. You really don't have to play along with her...
Sachi: ...Pardon?
Michiru: Er, it's... That thing just now was my way of saying hello. Kind of a joke, actually. You don't have to do it if you don't want to.
Sachi: Ah, I have no problem with it, so please allow me to call you "Michiru-sama" from now on.
Amane: Eh...?
Michiru: Well, I know I'm the one who started it and all, but... are you really okay with that?
Sachi: Yes, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Uu... Ugh... Even if you don't really mean it, I'm so happy... Thank god I never gave up on the tsundere life...
Amane: Weeping for joy is fine and all... but don't forget to apologize to her later, okay?
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Principal: Erm... Well then, can we get to the main topic now, please?
Amane: Ah, I'm sorry... Please do.
Principal: So, Komine-san's belongings should arrive here tomorrow... Let's have her decide on her room first, shall we?
Sachi: ...My room...?
Principal: Yes, everyone here chose their rooms when they move in as well.
Sachi: I see...
Narration: *To be able to pick the room you want...*
Narration: *...that alone would be a reward to most people. But for some reason, our transfer student's expression clouds over.*
Yumiko: ...Is there a problem?
Sachi: Ah, no, it's nothing... I'm not good at deciding things on my own, so... if possible, could everyone please choose a room for me?
Amane: Huh? You want us to pick a room for you?
Sachi: Yes. I'm sure all of you know more about this place than I do, so...
Michiru: Really? Then I'll pick one for you, to thank you for earlier.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Michiru: Okay, so name's Sachi, right? Lemme think for a sec... How about Room 3? "Sachi in Room Three!" Sorta rhymes, doesn't it!?
Amane: Stop, stop... That's just way too silly.
Michiru: Not at all! There's no one else who's a better fit for Room 3 than Sachi!
Sachi: I understand. Please let me stay in Room 3, which Michiru-sama has kindly chosen for me.
Michiru: Very good, very good.
Yumiko: Please don't mind me for asking this, but... are you sure? Room 3 is on the first floor, you know?
Sachi: It's okay. That means I'm closer to the entrance; and I'm sure this school takes security very seriously.
Yumiko: I-Is that so... Then there's no problem, I guess...
Principal: You'll probably want to have a look around your room. I'll take you there.
Sachi: Yes, please.
Yumiko: I wonder if it's accurate to describe her as "strange..."
Amane: Mm, she talks really politely, and seems pretty friendly... but I don't think we can be sure just yet.
Makina: ...I-I still don't trust that woman!
Michiru: Actually, you didn't say a word, did you...
Narration: *After the brief conversation with Komine Sachi, we all come to the conclusion that it's still too early to pass judgment on her. The first potential problem seems to be whether she and Irisu-san will get along.*
Narration: *However, that was solved surprisingly soon after...*
Narration: *...thanks to the hero of Sunday morning.*

Narration: *September, 2010, 07:55 - Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―On that day, I woke up at an unusually early hour, so I decided to do some reading in the first floor lobby, partly for a change of pace.*
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *It's a tranquil time, with the only sound being the occasional flipping of a page.*
Narration: *I'm so comfortable that I'm nearly convinced it might not be so bad to spend my mornings like this occasionally. But then, my serenity is abruptly put to an end.*
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Narration: *I hear the sound of two sets of footsteps approaching.*
Narration: *They turn out to belong to the pair whose relationship is in the most delicate state among our residents.*
Makina: Uh...
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *Oddly enough, the two end up facing one another at the bottom of the stairs, then slightly tremble the instant they recognize each other.*
Narration: *With eyes still fixed on each other, they slowly walk in my direction.*
Makina: ...
Narration: *And when they eventually arrive at the sofa, their actions puzzle me.*
Makina: ...Red meat.
Sachi: ...Spareribs.
Makina: Red meat... Red meat! Red meat!
Sachi: Spareribs... Spareribs! Spareribs!
Yumiko: ...W-What the heck are they doing...
Narration: *After staring at each other with a serious expression, they suddenly start yelling out cooking ingredients over and over.*
Narration: *Have I ever witnessed such a strange occurrence before? No, not even once.*
Narration: *While I'm still desperately trying to process what's happening, Irisu-san nods, then turns on the television. *
TV Narrator: Last time, on... Fresh-Fish Warrior, Tunafish Boy!
Tunafish Boy: Gwooh! Y-You're Colonel Spareribs! How did you survive after eating my Red Meat attack!? 
Colonel Spareribs: Heh heh heh... I must admit the Red Meat attack was quite powerful...
Colonel Spareribs: But! After three days and three nights bathing in the inferno of the grill, sucking in that stench of your unripe Red Meat with every single breath, I've gained a new power...
Tunafish Boy: ...A new... power?
Colonel Spareribs: Yes... The part you can only harvest in small quantities compared to spareribs and hanger steaks: the beef tongue!!!
Tunafish Boy: Impossible... The beef... tongue?
Colonel Spareribs: I'll let you have a "taste" of the hell I've been through! Because it's the "tongue," see!?
Colonel Spareribs: Beef Tongue! Beef Tongue! Beef Tongue!!!
Tunafish Boy: Hot! It's hot!
Colonel Spareribs: Bwahaha... I hope you like the peculiar flavor of the extra onion!
Tunafish Boy: That's nothing! Don't think I've lost just yet!
Tunafish Boy: Eat this! Red Meat! Red Meat! Red Meat!!!
Colonel Spareribs: Insolent brat!! Spareribs! Spareribs! Spareribs!
Narration: *The characters are shouting over the theme song, which reminds me a bit too much of old-school anime.*
Narration: *But at least this clears up that stuff from earlier.*
Narration: *What they were shouting were the trademark moves of the characters on a TV program popularly known as the "Sunday Morning Hero."*
Makina: Yeeah! It was a freakin' wild ride this time too! I'm so damn pumped! What'd I tell ya!? Tunafish Boy's th' friggin' best!
Sachi: The way they left the main characters' statuses as "Boy" and "Colonel" is pretty questionable, too. I think there's a good chance they'll release a sequel...
Makina: Hmm... That's exactly what my sixth sense is tellin' me...
Sachi: Speaking of which, did you know they're going to release the DVD box set this December? And the first limited edition's special bonus will be a hug-pillow cover featuring Tunafish Boy in Full Skeleton Form.
Makina: Why'd they pick his least meaty form for th' merch!? But holy fish, I want it!
Sachi: I know, right?♪
Narration: *When the program is over, the two girls start discussing their thoughts excitedly, as though they've been friends for a decade.*
Narration: *The situation happening before me is so odd that I can't help but ask a question.*
Yumiko: ...Erm, since when did you become so close?
Makina: U-Uh-huh... Is that some sort of a philosophical question?
Yumiko: No, I'm simply asking about the time...
Makina: Th' time... Th' time, huh... Just now, I guess?
Sachi: Yes. If you were to tweet about it, it'd be "#rightnow."
Yumiko: "Right now"...? Weren't you just watching TV together. You two are this close now because of that?
Makina: That's quite a naive thought ya've got there.
Makina: Time doesn't matter when it comes ta understandin' someone. There's no way anyone who loves Tunafish Boy could be a bad person... It's jus' that simple, ya know?
Sachi: It's exactly as she says.
Yumiko: I-Is that so...
Narration: *What the heck are they talking about?*
Narration: *But I suppose it doesn't really matter as long as they're getting along now.*
Makina: Reportin' fer breakfast, Chief! Requestin' tuna carpaccio! Three servings!
Amane: Hey! Who're y'all callin' "Chief"!?
Sachi: Please excuse me...
Amane: Huh, Komine-san!? Since when did you start getting along so well with Makina?
Makina: Not this again... Ama-nee, don't go repeatin' Yumi-chan's questions, 'kay?
Sachi: I wonder what they find so hard to understand. Right, Maki-chan?
Amane: ...What is this feeling... I won't allow it. Do you know how hard it was for us to bring out this side of Makina?
Makina: Well, Sacchin's kinda special, ya know... Normally, ya'd have to go through th' steps like datin', then kissin'. But in her case, we'd have sex right away to see if we're a good fit!
Sachi: Yes... I, Sachi Komine, have done a bang-up job.
Amane: No, I don't know what you mean by that... Well, whatever.
Amane: Carpaccio shouldn't take much time to make. You two just wait here for a bit, all right?
Sachi: Ah, would you mind if I helped you?
Amane: Oooh? Is Komine-san... the cooking type, by any chance?
Sachi: To be precise, I would say I'm the somewhat-capable-if-the-recipe-is-written-in-a-book type.
Amane: Really!? You'll be a great help here. I don't know why, but it seems like we keep getting people who can't cook.
Sachi: I see. So that's how it is.
Amane: Say, say, can you make anything unusual? What's your specialty?
Sachi: Let's see... In that case, how about "Noppe," a dish from my hometown of Niigata?
Amane: ...Noppe? Is that different from Noppe stew?
Sachi: Correct. Noppe isn't a stew, but a simmered dish.
Amane: What's that!? I wanna try, I wanna try!
Makina: ...
Makina: So after winnin' over me in record time, now she's goin' after Ama-nee... Komine Sachi, yer one scary gal...
Narration: *And just like that, after raising the curtain by becoming friends with Irisu-san and Suou-san, Komine-san's performance continues...*
Narration: *September, 2010, 11:14 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Japanese History Teacher: So... Now tell me the names of the shoguns after Yoshimune in chronological order.
Sachi: Yes. They're Ieshige, Ieharu, Ienari, Ieyoshi, Iesada, Iemochi and Yoshinobu.
Narration: *Her academic abilities in class are enough to make us forget that she's still a prep student.*
Narration: *September, 2010, 12:47 - Mihama Academy - Schoolyard*
Amane: Haah... Haah... You're amazing, Sacchin... That's the hardest I've ever had to play against someone smaller than me...
Sachi: But... I still lost...
Narration: *And in a basketball match during lunch break, she did very well against Suou-san, who's an ex-club member.*
Narration: *September, 2010, 16:04 - Dormitory - Common bathroom*
Michiru: So you're the one who put up the "cleaning in progress" sign... Are you really cleaning this place?
Sachi: Yes. I came to take a bath earlier, but noticed the tiles had gotten quite a bit slippery, so...
Narration: *She's even gone ahead and taken care of the common bathroom, which, along with the rest of the school, should really be handled by an employee.*
Narration: *All those little things eventually help develop a bond of trust... and a week after her arrival, everyone in this school has come to understand what the principal meant by calling her an "honor student."*
Narration: *September, 2010, 15:52 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Principal: I have a proposal for all of you today.
Michiru: A proposal! Does that mean we're going to get an autumn break!?
Principal: ...Would you rather we talk about yesterday's pop quiz instead?
Michiru: No, thanks! Please continue with your proposal, Principal!
Principal: Very well. Back to the topic at hand... I think it's about time we elected a class president.
Makina: ...Class president?
Principal: Yes. Now that there are five of you, it looks like you're breaking off into groups more to do different assignments...
Principal: And during the school staff meeting this morning, it was pointed out that we need someone to act as the middleman between the school and its students, and help with preparation for classes. 
Amane: Ah, now that you mention it, no one prepared the thing we were supposed to draw inspiration from for the art class the other day, so we had to go get it after class had already started...
Principal: Yes, things like that also happened when Sakaki-san was the sole student here...
Principal: Erm... Sakaki-san? If it's all right with you, could we talk about preparation for the next class...?
Yumiko: Sorry, I'm busy now.
Principal: She just shut me down like that...
Michiru: "Busy," huh... I bet you just went off to read your novel like a sloth... 
Amane: ...Pfff!
Yumiko: ―Guh!
Yumiko: T-That's ancient history... Not to mention, we have the perfect candidate for the job now, don't we?
Narration: *The instant I finish my words, everyone's eyes are turned to Komine-san.*
Sachi: In that case, I will...
Narration: *Just when the perceptive honor student's about to come forward, a surprising person cuts in and raises her hand.*
Michiru: Hooold on! Stop, you hear? Stop!
Michiru: I'm announcing my candidacy for president!
Amane: ...
Michiru: What!? I'm finally motivated to do something, and you're all looking at me like that!?
Amane: Well, you see...
Makina: I know, right?
Michiru: I know... I know what you people are trying to say...
Michiru: But even so, everyone has the right to nominate themselves! That's what democracy's all about, right!?
Yumiko: Yes, but in the end, the votes will be...
Michiru: Enough! You don't have to say everything!
Michiru: Listen, Principal! I, Matsushima Michiru, seeing as my life bar still hasn't reached zero, demand that a vote be held!
Principal: Well, what Matsushima-san said is true... Let's decide by majority vote.
Michiru: Yeees!!!
Narration: *"Well, it's a ballot. What could possibly go wrong?"*
Narration: *With that in mind, we agree with the principal's suggestion and proceed to cast the votes.*
Principal: The result is: Matsushima-san: 2 votes... Komine-san: 3 votes...
Principal: Accordingly, the class president will be Komine-san.
Narration: *It's a result anyone would agree with. A small round of applause echoes through the room.*
Makina: Phew, th' crisis is over...
Yumiko: Well, it's rather obvious, I would say.
Michiru: Guuuh... I knew it'd turn out like this... I knew... but I had to nominate myself...
Michiru: Cause, I mean, when a blonde pigtailed character shows up, she's almost always the leader of her class!
Yumiko: I knew it was gonna be something silly like that...
Amane: But she got two votes, even if one was from Michiru herself...
Sachi: Yes, the other vote was mine.
Makina: Eeeh!? Have ya lost it, Sacchin!?
Michiru: You... Why did you help your rival?
Sachi: No, I didn't mean to help. I simply think that Michiru-sama would make a great class president.
Michiru: ...Somehow, I have a feeling you don't really get me, but whatever! You're such a good girl, Sachi... Uuu... Hic...
Sachi: Thank you very much, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: ...But hey, don't you think the "Michiru-sama" thing has gone on long enough?
Sachi: ...Pardon?
Michiru: Look surprised all you like, I still don't know how to react... People are starting to look at me funny, see?
Principal: Before we get too far off-topic... Do you have any objection, Matsushima-san?
Michiru: No! No objection!
Sachi: And I, Komine Sachi, will do my absolute best to meet your expectations as the class president.
Principal: Yep, that's the spirit.
Principal: And now that we've got our class president, I have an announcement to make regarding a change in tomorrow's class schedule.
Makina: Whaat!? Chizuchizu... So this is what you've been plottin' from th' start!?
Principal: ...I'm not plotting anything. And don't give your teachers weird nicknames!
Makina: Wooo...
Principal: Actually, for certain reasons, the teacher in charge of your elective tomorrow won't be able to come... So I want everyone to clean the PE equipment room on the side of the school ground.
Michiru: Eeeh! Can't we just leave that to the contractors?
Principal: No, we can't.
Principal: Normally, schools have a "cleaning period" that's a part of the curriculum and considered an aspect of education...
Principal: But because we haven't been able to enact it so far due to the limited number of students, we have to recoup for it whenever possible.
Yumiko: Even so, cleaning the PE equipment room is just...
Amane: Well, fine, isn't it? With five of us, it won't take much time at all.
Principal: It's just like Suou-san said. If you work together, I doubt it'll be all that hard. Please follow Komine-san's lead and make the place really tidy.
Narration: *"Cleaning" has always been such an alien concept to me in daily life that it's sounding like more of a pain than it actually is.*
Narration: *Still, if it's part of the curriculum now, I suppose I have no choice but to grit my teeth and do it.*
Sachi: ...Make the place... really tidy...
Makina: Aah-choo! Aah-choo!
Makina: Aah... I can't quit sneezin'...
Amane: Ah, it's probably because of the dust in here. The school's new, but there just aren't enough people around to help take care of it. This must be the first time anyone's cleaned in here.
Makina: But... if we clean real carefully, I have a feelin' we might find some student's hidden porn stash...
Amane: ...Why porn? Of course there won't be any. We're the only students here.
Makina: I think ya'd better not rush to conclusions...
Amane: Ah...
Yumiko: Don't look at me as if you've just realized something! That never happened! I would never!
Michiru: Hey, hey, Sachi... This stain on the floor just won't go away.
Sachi: It's an oil stain. Here's a cloth with some kerosene on it. I think you can wipe it clean with this.
Michiru: You... even brought something like that here?
Sachi: Of course. Normally, I would use a machine with high pressure water jetting like a fire truck to tidy up everything at once, but since it's so hard to acquire one...
Makina: Obviously. I mean, c'mon, where can ya buy a fire truck...?
Amane: Ahaha... Sacchan always makes jokes like that. It's a bit surprising.
Sachi: Huh...?
Michiru: But seriously, it's taking way longer than I thought to clean this place...
Amane: Even I didn't expect it to be such a mess.
Amane: Still, I don't think we'll be able to finish cleaning in one afternoon class period. Let's just do what we can, report to the principal, and call it a day.
Yumiko: That's true...
Narration: *Our interest in exploring the nostalgia of the room means the first fifteen minutes go smoothly. But the moment we realize how hard the task we've been given is, our bodies just grow heavier and heavier.*
Narration: *And by the time Suou-san takes Irisu-san, who has fallen asleep due to fatigue from doing work she's not used to, back to the dorm, the sun's already beginning to set.*
Michiru: Haah... Haah... Say, Yumiko... isn't it about time we call it quits?
Yumiko: ...Yeah, I think we've done more than enough for today.
Michiru: Even Yumiko thinks so. How about you, Sachi?
Sachi: Understood. I'll just finish cleaning this spot, then. Just a bit more.
Yumiko: I know you've got all that presidential responsibility... but I don't think you have to work that hard, you know?
Sachi: Thank you very much. But it won't take much longer.
Michiru: ...I see. We'll go on ahead, then.
Sachi: Understood. Thanks for all your hard work.
Narration: *"A hard worker"... That's probably the only way to describe the girl who's replying to us without even pausing. Anything we say now would just be a bother to her. Knowing that, the two of us head back to the dorm.*
Narration: *A little bit later, Komine-san returns to the dorm as well, and all five of us decide to go to bed early.*
Narration: *And as far as I knew, that was all that happened that day.*
Narration: *But I couldn't have been more wrong...*
Narration: *..."That day" continued without us knowing.*
Narration: *September, 2010, 07:29 - Dormitory - Hallway*
Michiru: Heeeey, Sachi? Are you awake yet? How much did you manage to clean yesterday after we left?
Michiru: ...Huh, she's not here?
Michiru: Maybe she went to school... But it's still too early for that...
Michiru: If she's not here... don't tell me...
Michiru: Wha―!?
Sachi: Now... I have to take care of this...
Michiru: Sachi...
Sachi: Ah, Michiru-sama... Good morning...
Michiru: "Good morning"...? How can you just smile like nothing happened...?
Sachi: Eh... I think it's normal to greet someone under these circumstances... Am I mistaken?
Michiru: That's not what I meant...
Michiru: Looking all exhausted like that, and your clothes... Have you been cleaning this place since yesterday?
Sachi: Yes... That's correct...
Michiru: Don't "That's correct" me... Didn't we say yesterday that it'd be impossible to clean everything, and that we should pick a time to stop and call it a day...?
Michiru: And yet... why'd you have to try so hard!? You look all worn out now!
Sachi: But the principal told me to make it really tidy.
Michiru: Eh...?
Sachi: Its condition wasn't "really tidy" yesterday, so I decided to finish the task myself.
Michiru: ...Then... you really did all that just because the principal said to?
Sachi: Yes. I do everything exactly as I'm told. Because that's how a good girl is supposed to behave.
Michiru: ...
Michiru: ...I see. So that's why you're the "honor student," huh?
Michiru: I try not to say stuff like this too often, since it can sound really pretentious... 
Michiru: But I feel like... I've come to understand you a little, Sachi...
Sachi: Huh...?
Michiru: ...
Michiru: You've been calling me "Michiru-sama," right?
Sachi: Yes...
Michiru: In that case, I'll become a real master for you.
Michiru: That way, you won't have to think about anything unnecessary... And you won't go anywhere no one can reach you...
Sachi: Ah...!
Michiru: That said... I'm basically just an idiot. I may not be a good master, and I'll probably say some really stupid stuff every once in a while...
Michiru: I mean, I know you might be thinking "What's this blonde airhead even talking about?" right now...
Michiru: But... that's good enough for me...
Michiru: If all you want to do right now is listen to what others say and be a "good girl," I won't tell you not to...
Michiru: So please... try to trust me.
Sachi: Yes... certainly, Michiru-sama...
Narration: *September, 2010, 12:32 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *The next day, after we're done loading complaints onto the principal over her impossible request, Matsushima-san summons us to the classroom, saying there's something she needs to talk about.*
Michiru: ...Today, I have an important announcement to make to you people.
Makina: What? If it's about stuff like yer bowel movements, I don't really wanna hear, ya know?
Michiru: That's nooooot it! Who would actually tell other people about stuff like that!?
Yumiko: Can you please just get on with it? Break time isn't going to last forever.
Michiru: Of course I know...
Michiru: Aaah, ahem, mm! This is an official announcement to say that I, Matsushima Michiru, have become Komine Sachi's master!
Michiru: Waah...
Sachi: Bum! Bum! Pah-pah!
Yumiko: ...
Michiru: Hold on! Why are you people giving me that "So it's happened at last" look!?
Amane: Fine, then I'll just ask... Michiru, have you lost it?
Michiru: I'm always sane. And this is something Sachi has agreed to, got it?
Sachi: Exactly. Starting from yesterday, I, Komine Sachi, have sworn to do absolutely everything I'm capable of for Michiru-sama's... No, for all of your sakes...
Amane: Hold on. Even though you two may be telling the truth, and Sacchan's serving spirit is nothing short of that of a real maid... being someone's master is just...
Makina: I know what yer tryin' ta say, Ama-nee, but I also understand Chiruchiru's feelings...
Yumiko: Matsushima-san's feelings?
Makina: Y-Yep... Sacchin has high overall specs, can speak politely, and is prob'ly a masochist, ya know?
Makina: Her existence alone is, ya see... stimulatin' ta yer sadistic side. Makes ya wanna push her down an'...
Yumiko: You're really crooked, aren't you...?
Makina: Nuh-uh! It's exactly 'cause yer crooked that ya can be so straightforward!
Amane: Why are you making that "I just said something good, didn't I?" face...?
Amane: So? Assuming that we accept Michiru's reasoning, exactly what's going to change?
Michiru: Isn't that obvious? Of course it's gonna...
Michiru: Gonna what?
Sachi: Please don't ask me...
Amane: So basically, you had no idea where you were going with this!?
Michiru: Ah... Uh...
Michiru: How to put it... You know how it is! Makina needs Amane to take care of her, right? It's the same for me! I need Sachi!
Sachi: That's what she said.
Amane: In that case, I must say it's quite an... You know, a backward relationship.
Makina: Well, Chiruchiru bein' a disappointment ain't nothin' new. Why don't we start by findin' a maid uniform that suits Sacchin?
Michiru: Ah, that's a good idea. Gotta get into the mood first, don't we?
Yumiko: Maid uniform...? Do you know where to find one?
Makina: S-So... Sorry, Yumi-chan, but I'll need ta borrow yer computer to find one online.
Yumiko: Hah!?
Makina: I mean, just yer backup laptop's fine, of course. You can even do it yerself.
Yumiko: ...Fine, I got it. I'll have to do some checkups before handing it over, so wait until after school.
Makina: Jus' what I'd expect from Yumi-chan. Umm... O-Only someone who watches free porn every day like you cou―
Yumiko: That's enough! You don't have to force yourself to say that!
Yumiko: ...So, what are you going to do?
Makina: F-First, we do an image search for "maid uniform" an' "online store"...
Yumiko: ...
Michiru: Uwah, there are so many of them...
Makina: Like any of 'em, Sacchin?
Sachi: Uuum... I really don't know how to choose. I would prefer something Maki-chan and Michiru-sama pick for me.
Michiru: Uh-muh-muh... Even I can't get myself to pick one for you after you said that...
Makina: Then why don't we jus' ask someone to make th' best one possible?
Michiru: You mean custom-made? Doesn't that cost a lot of money?
Makina: About that... Maybe we could turn in some favors if we order from a company that's connected ta Yumi-chan's family?
Yumiko: ...Hah?
Makina: The housekeepers at yer place wear custom-made uniforms, right?
Yumiko: I think that's probably true... but... Huh?
Michiru: Why're you so surprised...?
Yumiko: But you two... How do you know I'm from the Sakaki Family?
Michiru: Uh, are you serious?
Makina: The school pamphlet has Chairman Sakaki Michiaki's photo, and since there's a student named Sakaki Yumiko, that pretty much says it all...
Sachi: I, too, only got in here thanks to the business connections between my family and the East Beach Group...
Yumiko: Ah, right... So that's how it is...
Makina: And that's why I wanna ask you a favor on this one.
Yumiko: ...Fine. First, I'll try contacting them.
Narration: *As it turns out, the lineage I'm so ashamed of has been an obvious fact to my classmates.*
Narration: *The instant I learned that, it's as if something inside me just snapped.*
Narration: *And three days after I placed an order by abusing my family's power, I receive a report saying a prototype has been completed.*
Narration: *September, 2010, 08:45 - Dormitory - Lobby*
Female Employee: From the measurements you provided, we've made an outfit in the same style as the ones we've been making for your family. I hope it's to your liking, Miss Yumiko.
Yumiko: I think it's okay, but... how about you, Irisu-san?
Makina: U-Um... Th' materials and techniques are top-notch... Guess I shoulda known since it's comin' from East Beach... But this design is different from what I want out of a maid uniform, ya know...
Female Employee: And by that... you mean...
Makina: Instead of this style... can ya make somethin' more... British?
Female Employee: If that's your requirement, I'm afraid we can't be of much help...
Makina: ...Fine! I'll jus' have ta do it myself!
Narration: *Maybe because they're so close, Irisu-san's even pickier about Komine-san's uniform than Matsushima-san. Ultimately, things develop into a big mess when the Irisu clan's connections are brought in...*
Narration: *By the time everyone's starting to forget about it, a huge cardboard box measuring at least 8 cubic meters is delivered to the dorm.*
Yumiko: Is this the maid uniform you ordered? If that's the case, I really doubt the person in charge of it was sane, looking at this package...
Makina: Ah, umh... Well, th' company I ordered from is a bit... uh... you know... They kinda put in a lot of options.
Yumiko: "Options?"
Makina: Well, I'll explain later. Let's crack this baby open and take a look inside first, yeah?
Narration: *Although I still have doubts about what she said, I decide to step back and watch. Inside the box, aside from curious objects like a folded bicycle, a parachute, and a gas mask, there are seven full maid uniforms.*
Yumiko: ...I see. These are indeed maid uniforms.
Michiru: They look like the ones they wear on TV, with a more mature design...
Amane: But... why are there seven of them?
Sachi: According to the bill of delivery inside, we have... the Inter-maid-iate for everyday use, the Active for exercise, the Tropical for summer outings, the Heavy Zone cold-weather model...
Sachi: ...the Assault for counter-insurgency operations, the all-white Medic for nursing duties, and the Conservative for use in ceremonial occasions and funeral rites...
Amane: Sorry, but... hold up a second. Aren't some of those kind of... bizarre?
Yumiko: Irisu-san... Just where did you order them from?
Makina: Think it was a company called Avirax?
Yumiko: Isn't that a company that supplies military products to the army...?
Amane: So that's why there's weird stuff like the gas mask in here...
Makina: Well, who knows? Could come in handy in the future. I say we take whatever.
Michiru: What kind of "future" are you talking about...
Makina: Obviously, fer when we need ta protect somethin' important!
Amane: Something important, huh...
Makina: Anyway, why don't ya go ahead an' try one on, Sacchin?
Sachi: Yes, understood. Please wait a moment.
Narration: *Right after being handed one of the maid uniforms, Komine-san starts taking off her uniform.*
Michiru: You're gonna change here!?
Narration: *After that, a fashion show of all seven sets is held before us.*
Makina: First, th' power that changes a solemn ceremony to a memory that goes beyond! The Conservative!
Makina: Who needs anesthesia when yer treated by a maid in this uniform!? The Medic!!
Makina: What's scarier: a 9mm bullet in a gun fight or a knife in melee combat? Neither, with the Assault!
Makina: Slender on th' outside, swelter on th' inside! The Heavy Zone!
Makina: It'll keep a cool smile on yer face, even on a hot an' humid day on Guadalcanal! The Tropical!
Makina: Using patented super quick-dry technology, with the concept "cooler than naked"! The Active!
Makina: And last but not least, "Wouldn't this one have been enough on its own?" NO! The Intermediate!
Makina: ―So! Whaddaya think!?
Yumiko: You ask that, but... you already made up your mind, didn't you...?
Michiru: But aren't only like three of them at all practical?
Amane: Not to mention, some of them look almost identical...
Makina: ...But don't ya think they look super good on Sacchin?
Yumiko: Well, I admit they do... Frighteningly so...
Michiru: So good that I'd love to see her wearing them all the time.
Sachi: You're making me blush with all these compliments.
Makina: Woosh! Now that everyone has given their thumbs up, try sayin' "Master," Sacchin.
Sachi: Master.
Makina: Next, "Aah... Please stop, Master." Go!
Sachi: Aah... Please stop, Master...
Makina: "Nhoooo! I'll get preggers!! Master, your punishin' penis is gonna force me into absolute submission!!" Go!!
Sachi: Nhooooo...
Makina: Ouch!
Amane: Stop! What are you trying to make her say!?
Makina: Whaddaya mean? Isn't this traditional when yer wearin' a maid uniform...?
Amane: Not at all!
Michiru: What do you think, Sachi? Do you like the uniforms?
Sachi: Yes, they're even lighter and more comfortable than I expected. Please let me make good use of them from now on.
Yumiko: So, in the end, what are you going to do about that master and maid thing they said?
Amane: Well... Even Sacchan isn't denying it. I'll look the other way for now, but don't overdo it, you hear?
Amane: If you get carried away, it'll just be bullying. Got it?
Michiru: Don't worry. It's just a "game."
Michiru: And you don't have to wear the maid uniform all the time, Sachi. Just as often as possible is good enough.
Sachi: As often as possible. Understood.
Makina: And that's how it is. Do yer best as the maid president from now on, Sacchin!
Sachi: Yep.♪
Narration: *Ever since that day, Komine-san wears the maid uniform whenever she's in the dorm.*
Narration: *And she's been a great help not only to Matsushima-san, but all the other students as well.*
Makina: Hey, little lady. I've been savin' up my allowance fer two whole months ta come here, so gimme all ya've got, 'kay?
Sachi: Did you really? Then I'll make sure you go home satisfied!♪
Amane: Enough! I don't mind you washing each other's backs, but we aren't that kind of establishment, okay?
Michiru: Hey, hey, Sachi. Gimme the body soap, the body soap.
Sachi: ..."Tee sok?" Are you asking for an elbow slash, Michiru-sama...?
Michiru: No one's asking for something like that!
Narration: *With her being helpful even at a place like this, I've started feeling less and less alone lately, no matter where I go.*
Sachi: Thank you very much for this lovely welcome party everyone has organized. Komine Sachi is deeply moved.
Makina: That's obvious, ya know? Yer already a member of the Mihama Family, Sacchin!
Yumiko: Even if that's the case, why do we have to take a bath together?
Amane: Well, today's a special occasion, but I think we'll run into more opportunities like this from now on.
Michiru: Yeah, there are already five of us here. With that many people around, it's not strange to run into each other in the bathroom.
Makina: In that case, we jus' have ta take a bath together, don't we?
Michiru: I agree. Just not with you!
Makina: How come...?
Michiru: When we took a bath together the other day, you kept adding in bath powder and filled the whole tub with bubbles!
Makina: I was just hopin' ta have some fun playin' soapland with you, ya know?
Michiru: Go to Sachi if you want to play something like that.
Makina: Geez... If only Chiruchiru'd join in, a triple-course wouldn't be just a dream...
Sachi: What a pity, eh, Maki-chan?
Yumiko: Well, I myself prefer to go in at around eleven. It's much more relaxing to take a bath alone...
Amane: Personally, I feel more at ease going together with Makina. She fell asleep in the bathtub once, you know?
Michiru: And I, of course, always take the first bath! It's all about being first.
Sachi: In my case, taking the last bath may be the most convenient. That way I can do some basic cleaning after I'm done.
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: ...It looks like the bathing order has been decided...
Sachi: Huh...? Sakaki-san, did you just say something?
Yumiko: No, not really...
Narration: *They say "three women make a market," so I wonder what five would make together.*
Narration: *Especially when the five consist of the crooked eldest daughter, the do-gooder mom, the tsundere-wannabe second daughter, the overly-curious fourth daughter, and the goody-two-shoes youngest daughter...*
Narration: *With all of us being such "unique" individuals, only God knows what's going to happen.*
Narration: *But for some reason, I have the feeling the answer to my question will come on a day not far in the future.*

Narration: *September, 2010, 09:20 - Dormitory - Yumiko's room*
Yumiko: ...And the sketchbook...
Narration: *Still feeling sluggish from being up at an unusually early hour, I decide to take a hot shower to recharge before getting ready to leave my room.*
Makina: Y-Yumi-chan... Aren't ya a bit too early today? Gonna line up at th' new candy store in front of th' station or somethin'?
Amane: Judging from your baggage... it's that day again, isn't it?
Yumiko: Yeah...
Makina: Uh? What's "that day?" Th' Bloody Mary kind?
Yumiko: That's not it...
Sachi: Good morning, Sakaki-san. Are you going out today?
Yumiko: Yeah. Just to do some drawing.
Sachi: In that case, please be careful. Of the police, I mean.
Yumiko: ...T-The police? Why is that?
Sachi: I have heard from Amane-san about your hobby of sketching... so I figured you'd be going out to do some nude guerrilla street art today. Was I wrong?
Yumiko: You're totally off the mark!
Michiru: ...Huh, isn't that Yumiko? Where are you going?
Yumiko: To the river bank. I'll be back by lunch.
Michiru: Heh... Then you can have this. The pumpkin pudding with extra fresh cream I bought at the convenience store. Even you can't draw on an empty stomach, right?
Yumiko: ...You bought it because you wanted it, right? Why don't you just eat it yourself? Seriously, don't cast me as a glutton like you...
Michiru: Hey, who would say something like that after turning down my act of kindness!? Normally...
Yumiko: They don't seem to be working on it today... I wonder if it's gotten any higher...
Narration: *As I arrive at the river bank, I immediately catch sight of the new building they've just started constructing on the other side of the river.*
Narration: *The main contractor is East Beach Construction, the same company that built Mihama Academy; the building itself is a part of a regional development project. It's going to be completed next fall, as Mishima Cape's first skyscraper.*
Yumiko: So it doesn't even take a year to change... The landscape of a whole town...
Narration: *The same thing can be said about my life.*
Narration: *For example, think about a simple thing like how many times you talk to people in a day. Last April I could go most days without holding a single conversation, but now there are four people who keep talking to me every day.*
Narration: *Pathetic as it may sound, if the me from five months ago had known this would happen, she'd probably be petrified.*
Narration: *"No matter how many transfer students make it into this school, nothing will change."*
Narration: *I believed that so strongly that the current circumstances have been nothing short of an anomaly.*
Yumiko: ...But... what surprises me most is how it doesn't seem to bother me much.
Narration: *Compared to how annoyed I was just from Suou-san talking to me when she first arrived... holding a conversation with her now seems like the most natural thing in the world.*
Narration: *Such a change would probably mean nothing to someone like Matsushima-san, but to me, it's like the mystery of the universe.*
Yumiko: Right, I didn't come here to think about something like that...
Yumiko: ...Yep, this spot's got a good view of the building.
Narration: *I take out the tools from my bag, frame the scene with both my hands, and quickly decide on what to draw.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *Like always, I hold the pencil lightly in my hand, and proceed to make a rough sketch.*
Narration: *I've drawn in this exact spot in Mishima Cape many, many times before. But even if the action is the same, the meaning behind it is changing little by little.*
Narration: *It's becoming less and less of an escape from negative feelings like anger or anxiety.*
Narration: *As proof of that, I've been going out to draw less, and that uneasy feeling that spurs me to draw something, anything at all, has vanished.*
Narration: *Maybe the change has even affected my drawings: the art teacher said they've become a lot more gentle now.*
Yumiko: But because of that... Irisu-san's used me as a theme for her art, effectively turning me into a joke to the whole class...
Narration: *Even so, now I can honestly feel the joy of running my pencil over the white paper, of painting colors. *
Narration: *And more than anything, I'm simply happy to know that I'm really capable of having such feelings. *
Narration: *It's the same pride I felt when Mother praised a picture I drew.*
Narration: *Even though it's been so long that I can't recall the exact feeling anymore...*
Narration: *...I'm sure that back then, I'd come to like drawing so much that I even called it my hobby.*
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *The sound of a digital alarm pulls me away from concentration; I've been drawing for about an hour longer than I planned to.*
Yumiko: I've finished the rough sketch, at least... Guess we can call it a day.
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *Usually, I would just pick my things up and return to the dormitory right away.*
Narration: *But, possibly because I got lost in thoughts involving my classmates earlier, a sudden idea ― a whim, even ― pops into my mind.*
Yumiko: Speaking of which... She said something about a new candy store in front of the station...
Yumiko: I bought some cakes, so please share them with everyone.
Michiru: ...
Sachi: ...
Yumiko: What's wrong with you...? Don't worry, they're not poisoned or anything.
Amane: No, that's not what I'm worried about... I'm just... surprised.
Yumiko: Surprised? Why...?
Makina: T-That's...
Michiru: The same Yumiko who turned down a free pudding is now buying cakes for everyone! Do you get it? Has that ever happened before?
Sachi: Although I'm the newest resident here... I must say I have never witnessed it before...
Yumiko: Listen... I don't know how much of an ice queen I am in your mind, but even I buy cakes for people once in a while.
Amane: That may be true, but the "while" in your "once in a while" is pretty long.
Yumiko: Guh!
Michiru: Before you get angry, just put a hand over your heart and think really hard. You have any memory of doing something like this before?
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: Maybe... not...
Michiru: See what I mean?
Yumiko: ...Fine. If you people are that creeped out, I'll eat them all myself.
Makina: C'mon, there's no need ta sulk, ya know...
Makina: What's happened today is nothin' short of a miracle, ya see!?
Michiru: It's just like Makina said. In fact, I want to keep this cake as a memento of the day Yumiko turned dere!
Yumiko: I'd rather you just eat it...
Amane: Oh, these two are just exaggerating...
Amane: Since we've got everything we need right here, why not have a party? A tea party, just for us ladies.♪
Yumiko: Eh...?
Makina: That's a nice idea! I'm gonna set my secret stockpile of snacks free!
Sachi: In that case, I'll go to India to find the best kind of tea there is...
Yumiko: ...Huh? I-India?
Amane: I'll go make some madeleines, so just wait a bit, okay? It'll take thirty minutes to raise the dough... So one hour! No, forty-five minutes is enough!
Yumiko: You don't have to go that far...
Michiru: Th-Then I'll make another trip to the convenience store!
Yumiko: And... they're all gone...
Narration: *Even though I wasn't expecting anything to happen just because I bought the cakes...*
Narration: *...plans for a tea party have suddenly manifested, regardless of what I intended.*
Makina: Sooo good! What the heck is this cake!? Did they lock up a pastry chef for a few days till he came up with this masterpiece!?
Yumiko: Like I said, it's just something I bought from the store in front of the station...
Michiru: The tea Sachi brewed is also very good, you know? Yes, there's no mistake: this must be the highest grade of Darjeeling I've ever tasted.
Sachi: It's actually Earl Grey, Michiru-sama.
Sachi: And because I wasn't allowed to go to India, it's just a normal tea I bought from a store in Mishima Cape.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, that's right... This Earl Grey tastes very Darjeeling... Oh, yeah, and your tea stepping techniques?
Sachi: It's "steeping."
Michiru: ...
Amane: Now, now, give my madeleines a try, too. There's chocolate, matcha, and some black-tea-flavored ones I made from the tea leaves Sacchan gave me. 
Makina: Hmm... Let's see...
Makina: Mmm!? This is good too! That's my Ama-nee: not just a big sister in slutty clothes!
Sachi: I, Komine Sachi, am intrigued by your recipe, Amane-san. Could you please teach it to me later?
Amane: Of course, of course. I'll teach you, and I'll make more now if we run out, so don't hold back!♪
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *As I'm trying to repress the smile brewing from the liveliness of the place, a switch flips inside me.*
Narration: *I feel like I'm watching from somewhere above, and the scenery before my eyes looks like it belongs to another world.*
Narration: *This feeling, "alienation" is the best word, I guess, is drowning me in anxiety for a reason I can't fathom.*
Narration: *"Is it okay to be like this?"*
Narration: *"Do I really belong here?"*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I can't seem to find answers no matter how hard I think. Feeling pushed back by a vague anxiety, I raise my head... and sigh in relief when I see that my classmates are still smiling.*
Narration: *Their smiles make me feel antsy...*
Narration: *...and yet, those same smiles are giving back my peace of mind.*
Narration: *I have no idea what the contradicting emotions in me are trying to express.*
Michiru: Hey, hey, Yumikooo.
Yumiko: ...W-What is it?
Michiru: So I've been wondering when the next transfer student's going to show up. Don't you think it's about time for a new one?
Amane: ...Have you heard anything from the principal, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: No... I haven't heard anything...
Makina: In that case... Sacchin's gonna be fresh meat fer a while...
Sachi: Yes... As the cannonball of the Mihama Squad, I, Komine Sachi, will put my everything on this single shot to show the enemy...
Amane: You don't have to show them anything.
Sachi: Yes, understood.
Makina: Sacchin really knows how ta carry a joke. Plus, she's real obedient too.
Sachi: Yes, because a good girl always does as she's told.
Makina: A good girl, huh...
Michiru: That's exactly why Sachi's called an "honor student." Totally different from a certain someone.
Makina: What'd ya say!?
Yumiko: Either way... I think new students will keep coming...
Amane: That's probably the case... There are still so few students here anyway...
Makina: Well, I dunno when th' next transfer student's gonna come, but I always welcome parties like today's, ya know?
Makina: Actually, I'd like if Yumi-chan bought us cakes every day.
Yumiko: ...I said "once in a while," didn't I?
Amane: Okay, then let's have parties like this "once in a while."
Sachi: Yes, I agree.
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: Actually, I take that back... It's too much of a bother.
Michiru: Pff...
Makina: Pwahahahaha!
Yumiko: What― Why are you laughing!?
Michiru: Yep, this is it! I was thinking the exact same thing at the beach. This is just how Yumiko's gotta be.
Amane: I must say that Michiru's probably right on this one...
Yumiko: What's that supposed to mean...
Yumiko: Uugh... I feel sick from eating all those sweets...
Yumiko: And my belly's kind of sticking out, too... Maybe I should skip dinner tonight...
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: Fwu... Fufufufufu...
Narration: *To think that just a whim would lead to not only the party...*
Narration: *...but also the realization that I'm the type to worry about a little belly fat, even when there's not a guy around. I'm not sure I even know who I am anymore.*
Yumiko: Speaking of which... I have the feeling I watched a sunset just like this before Suou-san came here...
Narration: *I can remember vividly what I was thinking that day.*
Narration: *Back then, I was truly worried that the environment I'd finally adjusted to would change.*
Yumiko: That's why I thought there might come a chance to use this...
Narration: *Whispering that, I remove my box cutter from its home deep inside my pocket.*
Yumiko: But...
Yumiko: In the end, that chance never came...
Narration: *Although I know it's for the best, there's another side of me that can't honestly feel happy about that. My chest is filled with complicated feelings.*
Yumiko: ...Why do I keep thinking about things like this today...
Narration: *It's not like me at all.*
Narration: *With that thought still lingering in my mind, a voice calls out to me as I put away the box cutter.*
Principal: I've been looking for you, Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: Huh...?
Principal: You never answered your phone, so I had to come looking for you.
Yumiko: Ah, I'm sorry... I left my phone back in my room...
Principal: So it would seem.
Yumiko: But it's so rare for you to come all the way here just to see me. Is there something urgent?
Principal: ...You could say that. I have something I want you to know right away.
Yumiko: Something you want me to know?
Principal: Yes. I just heard from your father. It looks like the regional development project funded by the East Beach Group has been... canceled.
Yumiko: Huh...?

Narration: *The "Mishima Cape Modernization Project."*
Narration: *...That's the name by which people usually refer to the construction project which the East Beach Group offered up to subdue the local dissent against the building of Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *It was supposed to be a highly advanced commercial complex built entirely by local contractors. It garnered much expectation from the locals on the potential increase of employment, and the revitalization of the regional economy.*
Narration: *The day after I was told about its cancellation, the principal summoned me to her office.*
Narration: *September, 2010, 16:00 - Mihama Academy - Principal office*
Yumiko: Please excuse me...
Principal: Just as I'd expect of you, Sakaki-san. Prompt as always. Fufufu.
Yumiko: ...What's so funny? You've mentioned it yourself: it's just the same as always.
Principal: Ah, sorry. I was imagining you counting down the seconds in front of the door and I couldn't help myself.
Yumiko: I never do anything like that. I only left my room ten minutes before the appointed time!
Principal: I know. I'm sorry...
Yumiko: You don't have to... try to lighten the mood just because we're going to talk about some heavy topics.
Principal: ...You're right. For starters, why don't you take a seat?
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *Sensing a change in the tone of her voice, I sit down on the sofa, trying to get into the right state of mind for the conversation.*
Yumiko: We're going to talk about... the cancellation of the project you told me about yesterday, correct? 
Principal: Yes. I've found out a bit more since yesterday, so I wanted to fill you in.
Yumiko: ...I'm listening.
Principal: Although the media says the cancellation resulted from a clash of viewpoints during a conference between the East Beach Group and the local administration... that is, between Sakaki Michiaki and my father, the prefectural governor...
Principal: ...In fact, it was a completely one-sided decision by the East Beach Group, which they justified by pointing to ballooning construction costs...
Principal: ...as well as a negative profitability outlook after completion, based on the finalized list of initial tenants...
Yumiko: I see...
Principal: I don't mean anything by this, but... you don't seem particularly surprised, do you?
Yumiko: Even though the project was his side of the bargain... now that the academy's completed, he has little reason to keep his promise. It's not like this is the first time he's done something of the sort.
Principal: That sort of forcefulness is how his company came to be called the "Eager Bandit Express."
Yumiko: ...
Principal: I hate to say this, but the hard part has just begun. The controversy this time is closely related to our school, and the locals' image of Mihama Academy has suffered considerably as a result.
Yumiko: ...Yes, that's something I understand very well.
Principal: And if they start calling it a direct breach of contract...
Yumiko: You mean there's a possibility we students could be harmed in some way?
Principal: ...Fact is, I can't completely deny that.
Yumiko: Yeah, it does seem plausible...
Principal: So that's why I'm saying to please be careful when you go out.
Yumiko: I understand.
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *Even though I've heard it from her directly, the whole situation seems like something happening somewhere far away.*
Narration: *That's partly because I was brought here only just before the school opened... completely ignorant of the exchanges that had taken place between the locals and the East Beach Group.*
Makina: Ugh... Yumi-chan...
Amane: It looks like you just returned from the school building... Did you have tea with the principal or something?
Yumiko: If you're wondering whether I had a chat with the principal, then yes, I did. 
Yumiko: So, were you out shopping?
Amane: Yeah, we were, but... how should I put this... It really sucked...
Yumiko: ...What happened?
Amane: It's like... something was missing there... The whole town's atmosphere was really heavy...
Makina: Even th' old fart who always catcalls Ama-nee when he spots her boobs seemed hella weird. It felt super awkward there, so we decided ta jus' head home...
Yumiko: I see...
Amane: It's because of... the cancellation of that building, right? The one that's said to be related to our school.
Makina: But I don't think it's got anythin' ta do with us...
Yumiko: You're right. The whole thing was caused by the East Beach Group's actions. It has nothing to do with our school.
Yumiko: But even so, those who are affected by it may see things differently... 
Narration: *When it comes to problems that are directly connected to the region like power plants, waste treatment plans, or military bases, there's always something only the people living there know.*
Narration: *If our current situation is something along these lines, we may have somewhat underestimated the danger we're in.*
Narration: *September, 2010, 13:22 - Mishima Cape - The street in front of the station*
Yumiko: ...Let's see... Turner... Turner transparent watercolor is...
Narration: *The vexation keeps on piling up where we can't see it.*
Narration: *And one form of it happens to be a voice I hear while buying art supplies in one of my favorite stores.*
Young Boy's Voice: We ain't got nothin' to sell to the daughter of the East-Cheat Express! Get the hell out of town!
Yumiko: Wha...!?
Narration: *When I turn around reflexively, the speaker has already vanished. And when I turn back to the inside of the store with a sigh, the other customers just look down, pretending they didn't hear anything.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I admit coming here alone wearing this uniform wasn't the wisest decision, but I didn't expect to be verbally assaulted in such a way.*
Narration: *More than anything, what surprises me most is the fact that they knew exactly who I was and directed the aggression toward me personally.*
Yumiko: No, there's a chance that may not be the case here...
Narration: *In the six months after I moved to this town, I've registered membership at several stores, effectively exposing my personal information to them.*
Narration: *And shopping districts are known for their strong lateral communication. Exchanging information about the common "enemy" must have happened instantaneously.*
Narration: *Under these circumstances, it must have been easy to identify who's walking around wearing the uniform.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *What concerns me most now is how the situation is clearly worsening.*
Narration: *As long as the hostility is focused on myself and the East Beach Group, there's still no real problem...*
Narration: *...but if that alone isn't enough to relieve their anger, they'll hunt for new targets.*
Yumiko: I really hope things won't turn out how the principal said...
Narration: *But my prayer isn't answered. The situation keeps on worsening like a rock rolling down a hill.*
Narration: *September, 2010, 09:45 - Dormitory - Lobby*
Sachi: ―Everyone, it has hit the fan!
Sachi: By the way, I don't mean "fan" here as in "admirer," but...
Amane: Ah, yeah, I know what it means... So what happened?
Makina: Is some old dude showing his pee pee in front of th' school?
Michiru: Whaaaat!? That's not something to joke about! Call the police right away, you hear me? The police!
Sachi: No, what caught my eyes wasn't some old man's "pee pee," but what was spray-painted on the wall next to the school gate.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *After rushing to the school gate, what we see there is even worse than we've imagined.*
Michiru: What the... heck...
Yumiko: ..."To the liars and promise-breakers imprisoned in this school: Leave Mishima Cape"...
Sachi: This wasn't there yesterday... so they must have painted it last night.
Amane: ...
Makina: Are ya okay, Ama-nee? Yer face looks... really pale, ya know?
Amane: A-Ah... Yeah... Sorry, it's nothing...
Makina: Really? That's fine, then...
Michiru: Gotta say it's not like I don't understand how they feel, but... isn't this going a bit too far?
Michiru: We aren't the ones who built the school, and we've got even less to do with that building's cancellation...
Amane: They probably don't even care at this point...
Michiru: Huh...?
Amane: The bigger the anger and hatred inside you, the more desperately you need something to unleash it on.
Amane: That's why to those people, Mihama Academy itself has become something evil... The number of people joining in and the momentum will justify pretty much anything, no matter how little sense they make.
Amane: To them, we are the bad guys, and bad guys need to be punished. Simple as that...
Amane: I'm sure... that's what people call "malice"...
Sachi: Amane-san...
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *We all noticed how much Suou-san overreacted when we discovered the writing on the wall.*
Narration: *And I think that must have bewildered everyone.*
Narration: *The school needs to know about the fact that Suou-san, the most mentally stable member among us, has shown such a surge of emotion...*
Narration: *...and the fact that Mihama Academy has become a direct target of harassment due to the cancellation of the building's construction.*
Narration: *Immediately after hearing our report, the principal, who has taken the situation seriously from the start, decides to impose a ban on going outside indefinitely.*
Narration: *September, 2010, 16:17 - Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: Haaa... For some reason I'm craving takoyaki...
Michiru: The ones they sell in front of the station with so much dried bonito you have to wonder if it's actually bonitoyaki...
Makina: Then I'd go fer th' crepes they sell off that wagon, ya know?
Makina: Th' ones with lotsa bananas and cream, topped with honey-dipped vanilla ice cream!
Amane: Okay, okay! I'll make takoyaki and crepes, so quit fussing! Seriously, though, isn't there anything besides food in those heads of yours...?
Makina: I know th' stuff ya make is tasty, Ama-nee. They're tasty, but that's not we're talkin' about...
Sachi: I know you're talking about the mood, and situation that's best fit to enjoy that food, but we all have to restrain ourselves now, Maki-chan...
Michiru: Uuuh! Something keeps scratchin' inside me! Deep inside my stomach!
Narration: *Two weeks after the ban.*
Narration: *Although it's been arranged so that anything we need will be delivered to the dorm within the day...*
Narration: *...living in a condition no different from house arrest has made everyone's mental state visibly unstable.*
Michiru: Well, I know this ban is to protect us. I know, but...
Michiru: ...I never thought not being allowed to go outside would be this stressful...
Makina: Freedom! Freedom to the youth!
Michiru: It's like... we really have become prisoners here...
Amane: ...
Narration: *The words slip casually from Matsushima-san's mouth and stun us into silence.*
Narration: *The same thought must have occurred to everyone here at least once.*
Narration: *Even worse, who can know for sure that the current situation isn't stimulating the past trauma of a student?*
Narration: *And the person to be blamed for this tightrope of a circumstance is none other than...*
Yumiko: I'm so sorry things have become like this...
Sachi: Erm... May I ask why you're apologizing, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: Because I'm "Sakaki Yumiko."
Makina: E-Even if Yumi-chan's th' only daughter of the East Beach Group's boss... It's not like ya have anythin' ta do with runnin' th' company, or ever promised ta make that buildin', right?
Makina: So I don't think ya need to apologize, Yumi-chan...
Yumiko: Still, it's a fact that I'm related to them, and that... I'm the only who can do anything about the current situation...
Amane: Your responsibilities are the burdens you must carry. A "sense" of responsibility is what leads people to shoulder weight they need not bear. Don't lose sight of that distinction.
Amane: I'm sure the principal will tell us how to get out of this situation.
Yumiko: ...I don't know...
Narration: *Can I really trust that they're telling me what they truly think?*
Narration: *No, they're only saying that because I'm here. Who knows what they'd say behind my back?*
Narration: *At the very least, those are the only kinds of classmates I've ever encountered.*
Yumiko: I admit I'm in no position to say anything about the way the East Beach Group does things...
Narration: *But no one can deny the possibility that Mihama Academy was only built to hide their problematic daughter from the public.*
Narration: *And if that's the case, that means this has become a school created for that one purpose... which in turn implies that we've involved outsiders in our family's issues.*
Narration: *In that case, I am by no means an innocent victim. And I know full well that I didn't grow up in the kind of blessed environment that would let me have an optimistic view of the current situation.*
Narration: *That's why I'm the one to blame here...*
Narration: *Yes...*
Narration: *If only I hadn't been brought into this world...*
Yumiko: That's not it!
Narration: *The fact that I'm even thinking this is evidence of how mentally unstable I've become...*
Narration: *No one's asking for my apology.*
Narration: *Self-blaming, feeling obligated to do something, and ending up cornering yourself: that's exactly what it means to have a false notion of responsibility.*
Narration: *But even then...*
Yumiko: There's something only I can do...
Narration: *The instant that thought comes to my mind, my legs naturally propel me toward the principal's office.*
Principal: ...Here you go.
Yumiko: Thank you...
Narration: *I take a sip from the tea the principal has made for me, despite my coming without any notice when she must be busy.*
Yumiko: You're not teasing me today, are you?
Principal: I can tell by the look on your face that this isn't the time.
Yumiko: "The worst teacher is still a teacher," am I right?
Principal: Geez... So I go to all this effort to set the mood, and now you get to tease me?
Yumiko: I'm sorry...
Principal: But it looks like you've fully prepared for the conversation we're about to have.
Yumiko: ...Yes.
Yumiko: I want the chairman to reconsider the cancellation of the construction project.
Principal: That's what I've been asking him to do, but his thoughts on the matter haven't changed at all...
Yumiko: In that case, I'll talk with him... directly.
Principal: Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: Since the beginning, people who transfer to this place are those who only act normal on the outside.
Yumiko: Who's going to take responsibility if the excessive stress they're currently exposed to causes them to make trouble?
Yumiko: No, that's just an excuse...
Yumiko: My honest feelings are that I don't want to see my classmates trapped in anxiety and irritation.
Principal: ...
Principal: So you, who acted like a kid being made to go on an errand when you were told Suou-san was transferring here, are talking like that about "classmates" now, huh...
Yumiko: I don't care how you want to interpret that, but the one thing I don't want now is to just leave things as they are.
Principal: ...Thank you for letting me know how you feel.
Principal: But you don't need to force yourself to bow down to your father when you hate him so much...
Principal: I may not be the most reliable person there is, but "teachers" exist precisely for times like this.
Yumiko: ...Please, I'm counting on you.
Narration: *―Speaking from conclusion, my effort hasn't been for nothing.*
Narration: *Maybe it's all thanks to this woman who's only in her twenties, yet already sitting at a principal's desk...*
Narration: *...or maybe the East Beach Group just wants to avoid any further troubles...*
Narration: *Either way, a few days after abruptly changing their policy, the East Beach Group announced they would restart the project, effectively sending the situation to a rapid cooldown.*
Narration: *October, 2010, 12:32 - Mihama Academy - Front gate*
Yumiko: So it got repainted when we weren't looking...
Narration: *Passing by the front gate for the first time in a while, I notice the spray-painted writing has disappeared, and the wall is back to normal.*
Narration: *And today, one week after the ban was lifted thanks to the reconciliation between the East Beach Group and the local residents...*
Narration: *...I'm heading toward the shopping district, dressed in my uniform, with a pair of tongs and a trash bag in hand.*
Narration: *That's what we came up with during the meeting, which was held right before the day the restart of the project was announced.*
Yumiko: A proposal from the chairman...?
Principal: Well, a proposal... Or maybe it's better to call it a deal?
Yumiko: So, what did he say?
Principal: He said we needed to have the students do community service...
Yumiko: To improve the image of the school...?
Principal: Something along those lines, I think...
Principal: And since there's no big nursing home in Mishima Cape, I think it'll come down to community cleaning activities...
Yumiko: Community cleaning...
Principal: A student volunteering system is available in any normal school, but it's still too risky to do it right now.
Principal: As the principal, I can't allow anything that may expose the students to danger.
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *This is probably what the East Beach Group is thinking:*
Narration: *Even after announcing the restart of the project, and bribing those with the loudest voices, it's going to take a long time to restore the trust of the people.*
Narration: *In that case, and in order to recoup what's still missing, the most effective symbol of compromise would be the students.*
Narration: *That must be their scheme.*
Yumiko: Understood. In that case, I'll accept the deal.
Principal: Eeh!?
Yumiko: However, I have one condition.
Yumiko: Let me be the only one responsible for the cleaning activities. I'll take all hostility from the locals... 
Narration: *That was the one condition I gave.*
Narration: *That was the one thing I had to do, because I acknowledged that my "selfishness" has made my classmates suffer.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I start my cleaning in the shopping district, where there are sure to be a decent number of pedestrians, picking up bits of trash one by one and shoving them into the bag.*
Narration: *That said, people in the countryside are so well-mannered that there's hardly any trash to begin with.*
Narration: *Because of this, I'm starting to question what I'm really trying to accomplish.*
Narration: *But when I remember that what matters now is making people recognize my actions, my doubts quickly disperse.*
Woman in her 20s: Ah...
Man in Business Suit: ...
Narration: *Within about half an hour or so of my arrival, people start to notice me and stop walking.*
Highschool Girl A: Hey, isn't that...
Highschool Girl B: That girl... Isn't she a student from Mihama Academy?
Narration: *It doesn't take long for people to gather and start murmuring about me.*
Yumiko: So this is what it feels like to be a panda in a zoo...
Narration: *I look up at the sky, partly to take a break, and unconsciously let out a complaint.*
Narration: *But I'm different from a panda...*
Middle-aged Woman: How pretentious... Picking up trash in a place like this...
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *They aren't even giving me a chance to nurse my near-broken heart. How unforgiving.*
Narration: *Even then, right after I've tried to comfort myself by telling myself it was inevitable, a woman comes and speaks to me.*
Woman in her 30s: ...What are you doing here?
Yumiko: Y-Yes... This is part of my community service...
Woman in her 30s: Community service? What's that supposed to mean... Are you being sarcastic?
Yumiko: No, that's not the case at all...
Woman in her 30s: Then please stop with that right away! It's really unpleasant!
Narration: *After the first person has voiced their complaint directly, it's just a matter of time before others show up... *
Narration: *Bit by bit, I start hearing more complaints, like "It's vexing" and "Go back to your school" again and again.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *Many pairs of eyes are fixed on me, reacting to every single one of my movements.*
Narration: *Among them are those who are obviously being very cautious, letting me know they're suspecting that the reconciliation is just an act.*
Yumiko: ...This is... a lot harder to do than I thought...
Narration: *Our intent is probably clear as day to them.*
Narration: *But even then, if there are so many people paying attention like this, maybe they just really need a target for their discontent.*
Middle-aged Man: Stop with that already! Nobody wants to see you "prisoners" putting on a show!!
Yumiko: ―Ow!
Narration: *As soon as I hear the voice, followed by the sound of something bouncing on the ground, a sharp pain runs down my thigh.*
Narration: *It takes me a second to realize that someone just threw a stone at me.*
Middle-aged Man: Ah...
Narration: *He probably didn't intend for it to hit me.*
Narration: *The middle-aged man then runs away dejectedly toward the alley, face white as paper.*
Yumiko: If you're going to regret it, why did you throw it in the first place...
Narration: *As long as I can talk light-heartedly like this, I'm still fine.*
Narration: *After encouraging myself, once again, I start moving my hands.*
Yumiko: Sigh...
Narration: *The stinging pain from where the stone hit keeps bothering me. I raise my head with a sigh.*
Narration: *After two hours, even though the number of onlookers has declined, I find my determination gradually wavering.*
Yumiko: ...I didn't expect them to resent me this much...
Narration: *Glancing down at the blood oozing from the wound on my leg, even I have come to hate myself for daring to be even a little optimistic about this whole "community service" thing.*
Narration: *And to think I've even started carrying a box cutter around to cut away that naive side of me.*
Narration: *Even though I find it hard to breathe when I recall my hatred of him... Even though I'm determined not to let him have his way...*
Narration: *...there's no change to the fact that what I'm wearing, what I'm eating, all came from him.*
Yumiko: Seriously, I haven't changed... at all...
Narration: *"I'm fine being alone."*
Narration: *Even though I was so eager to take on the role of the evil witch taking all the blame, it's just my way of running away.*
Narration: *I'm scared.*
Narration: *I'm scared to rely on those girls, precisely because I have the feeling they're "special," because they're "different from anyone I've met until now."*
Narration: *I'm scared that they'll betray me the moment I trust them.*
Narration: *That's why I have to pretend to be strong while burying my real self, my cowardly self, deep inside my heart.*
Narration: *In the end, all that's left inside me is the loneliness I've grown so accustomed to.*
Narration: *There's no one I can reach out to, nor does anyone reach out to me. It's a completely shut-away world.*
Yumiko: "Something only I can do," huh... Don't make me laugh.
Narration: *The whimper that slips out of my mouth is instantly ousted by the voice of a passer-by: "Take care of this, too."*
Narration: *I raise my head just in time to see an empty can being tossed toward me. It's their way of humiliating me.*
Narration: *Instinctively, I try to stretch my hand toward the can on the ground, but my body refuses to listen. It's heavy as lead.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *And because the reason is so obvious, I realize I've given up once again. *
Narration: *"That's why this hand won't move anymore."*
Narration: *With that concluded, just as I'm turning around about to quit...*
???: Ooh, here's an empty can!
Narration: *Accompanied by a familiar voice, a hand reaches for the can in front of me and picks it up.*
Amane: Aah... but I didn't bring a bag. Can you lend me yours, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: Huh...?
Amane: Here you go, the first one!♪
Yumiko: Th-Thanks... Wait, that's not it!
Amane: Huh?
Yumiko: Why are you here...?
Amane: It's our community service day, isn't it?
Yumiko: What...
Amane: Is that a good enough answer?
Yumiko: ...At this point, I won't ask why you know about that.
Yumiko: But I've decided to do it alone, so you don't need to help...
Amane: Too bad, but it's not just me...
Yumiko: Huh...?
Makina: Ooh? I caught a big one right away. Here, Chiruchiru, come pick it up.
Michiru: Ah, okay, okay. Gotta put it in the right bag... 
Michiru: Wait, you're the one who found it! Pick it up yourself, would you? Geez!
Sachi: And while you two are still busy arguing, I've found one myself.
Narration: *Surprised by the voices, I turn around to discover that my remaining classmates are already here.*
Narration: *They're wearing the same uniform as I am, and in their hands are tools to pick up trash.*
Yumiko: Even you, too... Why...
Makina: Aah...
Michiru: W-We're here for... You see, a picnic. A picnic!
Sachi: Yes. A picnic with tongs and garbage bags like this.
Yumiko: Who would believe something like that...
Amane: Either way... we won't go back even if you tell us to.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Michiru: Yumiko may have a deal with the chairman, but we're doing this voluntarily.
Makina: Besides, doesn't "freelance" sound kinda cool? Like th' French Foreign Legion or somethin'!
Sachi: A team of worthless bastards... I must admit that fits us perfectly.
Yumiko: "Voluntarily..." You think that's enough to convince me?
Yumiko: Do you know what they're going say to you if you start doing the same thing as me?
Amane: It might be bad...
Amane: ...but let me say just this: we were already prepared when we came to Mihama.
Yumiko: Ah...!
Amane: In the first place, I'm already more than thankful that I was allowed to transfer here.
Amane: There's no need for you to take responsibility for everything, doing all this alone.
Yumiko: Suou-san...
Sachi: Not to mention, just a single day of cleaning won't improve our image at all.
Sachi: If you think about it that way, it's necessary to have more people doing this.
Amane: My dad said this to me a long time ago: when he and mom first started the restaurant, no one came at all.
Amane: But after working hard every day without giving up, before they knew it, the place was filled with people. 
Amane: Don't you think the same thing applies to Mihama now?
Makina: That's why we've gotta lend a hand, too, ya see?
Michiru: I don't really understand, but that's how it is!
Yumiko: ...It's just as I thought before... All of you are really just do-gooders, aren't you?
Amane: Maybe try to fix your twisted personality before you start making fun of other people.
Yumiko: ―Guh!
Makina: Not to mention... she's kind of a poser?
Michiru: And a tsundere, too.
Sachi: I think she's more of a kuudere, though...
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *The principal was probably the one who laid down the opportunity for this to happen.*
Narration: *And these girls must have talked to each other after learning about the community service, and decided to help me.*
Narration: *They kept it a secret until the last minute to help me save face.*
Narration: *They really can't be honest with themselves, trying to be considerate of others' feelings in such a strange way.*
Yumiko: But... I suppose I'm no different...
Sachi: How do you suggest we do it today...?
Narration: *As we move on, Komine-san, who has perfectly secured her position as the maid, turns to me to inquire about today's plan.*
Narration: *I don't know if it's a good thing or not, but several elderly locals are watching us.*
Narration: *If nothing else, we probably don't have to worry about them throwing anything at us.*
Yumiko: Erm... The place is so big, I don't think we can do it any more efficiently by spliting up...
Amane: Then why don't you tell us what to do?
Yumiko: Huh...?
Michiru: Yeah, I think it's better that way.
Makina: I'm sure Yumi-chan's th' one who knows us best, ya know?
Yumiko: But...
Amane: Now isn't the time to hold back. One of us has to do it anyway. Just think of it as a request from us, 'kay?
Michiru: Like she said.
Yumiko: ...I get it. Well then, first of all, we need to split into pairs.
Yumiko: The first pair is Suou-san and Irisu-san, the other is Matsushima-san and Komine-san.
Yumiko: I'll watch and lend a hand as necessary.
Makina: See? That's how ya solve a problem real quick.
Yumiko: Anyone can come up with that...
Makina: Hee-hehe... Just be honest with yerself an' accept my compliment, will ya?
Makina: Ya know what people call girls who pout like that when people call 'em pretty durin' sex? A royal pain in the ass!
Yumiko: Stop wasting time teasing me and move your hands! If it's come to this, we're going to finish it quickly!
The Other Four: Yes, ma'am!
Makina: Gum wrapper!
Amane: That's combustible trash.
Makina: Ice cream stick! (Plastic!)
Amane: And that's non-combustible trash.
Michiru: Hey, hey, Sachiii. I've found a cup-and-ball!
Michiru: Ah, and there's a handy karaoke over here...
Sachi: Michiru-sama, why do you keep finding such curious articles...?
Michiru: What do you expect me to do? They're really just lying around!
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *We get things done faster with more people.*
Narration: *Obvious as it may sound, right at this moment I feel like what I'm witnessing can't be explained that simply.*
Makina: Hey, Yumi-chan, what're ya standin' there for? Ya doin' some air-masturbation, maybe? That it?
Amane: I already told you to stop saying such vulgar things out loud!
Makina: But since Yumi-chan seems free, I kind of want her to help us, ya know...?
Yumiko: S-Sure...
Michiru: Ah, that's not fair! We need some help here, too.
Sachi: So it's come to this... I guess we have no choice but to split Sakaki-san down the middle and have her clone herself like a planarian.
Amane: You just came right out with the creepy stuff, huh... Sacchan...
Yumiko: Sadly, I'm not a planarian, and I also can't help both of you at the same time.
Yumiko: If you have a problem with that, I'll try to switch between the groups to help... How does that sound?
Michiru: Ah, look, look, Sachi! I found a leather shoe this time!
Sachi: Umm? Did I just hear a voice from a big piece of trash...
Michiru: Wha...? Huuh? Think I heard you wrong, but... did you just call me a big piece of trash?
Sachi: I'm sorry. This work is so dull, I must have been trying to change things up by being honest.
Michiru: So that's what you honestly think of me!?
Makina: Ama-nee, we have a new applicant for a spot in the non-come-buss-teebull bag!
Amane: You got it!
Yumiko: They aren't even listening anymore...
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: ...It feels like we're still inside the dorm...
Narration: *I've prepared myself quite thoroughly for this day to come.*
Narration: *"Just ignore whatever they may say," "This is the inevitable outcome," I kept telling myself again and again.*
Narration: *Even then, there's no word to describe how happy I was when I saw my classmates' faces, right before the blatant eyes and mockery broke my heart.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I drag my already powerless legs step by step along the river bank, which is now dyed the color of sunset.*
Narration: *The drowsiness from moving around for a whole day keeps crashing down on me.*
Narration: *Although the community service has left countless tiny scratches all over my body and stained my uniform with mud, there's this comfortable fatigue within me.*
Michiru: Ah! Look at that! Isn't today's sunset super pretty?
Makina: Uuh... Yep, sure is, but it reminds me of a fried egg, and that's makin' me hungry...
Amane: That's right. We've done a lot of work today. I'll whip up a dinner that'll really recharge our batteries!
Makina: Ooh! Then, I recommend th' leaky-liver stir fry, ya know? The one with fried garlic!
Sachi: It's the "liver-leek" stir fry, Maki-chan.
Amane: Mm-hmm, and if I add in some spinach and walnut, it'll really get us heated up and raring to go...
Michiru: ...Dunno know why, but... hearing that from Amane makes it sound really lewd.
Amane: What are you trying to say!?
Sachi: First, please excuse me from making a comment on Michiru-sama's fetish...
Sachi: ...and about dinner... please let Komine Sachi, who was once called the Nutcracker Of Echigo, take care of the ingredients.
Amane: Excellent! Now that we've found a powerful ally, what do you say we call the principal and have a blast tonight?
Makina: Absolutely! I'm gonna fondle her ass ta thank her fer leakin' useful info to us!
Narration: *Suou-san, Matsushima-san, Irisu-san and Komine-san are walking a little ahead of me.*
Narration: *If you look at it objectively, it's just a row of classmates walking side by side together.*
Yumiko: ...Fufu...
Narration: *And yet, that simple scenery is enough to bring a smile to my face.*
Narration: *It's been a day of us calling out to each other, recklessly moving around to work toward the same goal. Just like one of those days I had in grade school, always giving my best in everything I did.*
Narration: *I'm filled with a sense of satisfaction, having rediscovered the child in me after such a long time.*
Old Lady: Hey, do you have a moment?
Yumiko: ...Yes?
Narration: *The voice belongs to an old lady who talks to me regularly.*
Old Lady: I picked these pears in my garden this morning... Please take them with you.
Yumiko: Ah... but...
Narration: *Failing to grasp her intent, I can't find the words to reply.*
Old Lady: You've been cleaning the town since morning, right? This my way of saying thanks.
Yumiko: Thanking... us?
Old Lady: Yeah. The river bank you cleaned up is where my friends and I always play gateball.
Old Lady: You girls have made it so nice and clean. Please let me give you this much in return.
Yumiko: But... our community service today was just a way to apologize for the trouble we caused when the building was canceled... That's why we can't accept...
Old Lady: Motives don't matter when it comes to volunteering...
Yumiko: Huh...?
Old Lady: Well, of course, I was surprised when I heard they were going to build a prison-like school.
Old Lady: But all the students have been polite to me when I speak to you, right?
Yumiko: Ma'am...
Old Lady: There's always someone who's happy to see you working hard.
Old Lady: Isn't that enough of a reason?
Yumiko: ...
Old Lady: So please let me thank you. You've all done very well.
Narration: *With that said, the old lady hands me a vinyl bag with the pears inside.*
Narration: *Her hand is full of wrinkles, the definite proof that she's lived much longer than I have.*
Narration: *It's so warm, just like the hand of that housekeeper who was so kind to me.*
Yumiko: Thank you very much...
Old Lady: No, you're the one who's being thanked here, so you don't have to say it.
Old Lady: More importantly, I'm sorry for holding you back for so long. It looks like your friends have already gone ahead.
Yumiko: ...My friends?
Old Lady: Aren't those girls your friends?
Yumiko: Ah...!
Old Lady: Well then, see you later.
Narration: *I can't find the confidence to reply as I watch the old lady turn around and walk away.*
Narration: *That's how much her words have shaken me up.*
Narration: *"Friends."*
Narration: *I've never thought of it that way.*
Narration: *Because, you see, all I've done with those girls is...*
Narration: *...go to the beach...*
Narration: *...take a bath together...*
Narration: *...have a tea party...*
Narration: *These were just silly get-togethers.*
Narration: *That's why...*
Narration: *...That's exactly how friends spend time together.*
Yumiko: ...It's just as she said...
Narration: *As the words slip out of my mouth, I raise my hand unthinkingly and notice that tears are rolling down my cheeks.*
Narration: *――Why?*
Narration: *I've sworn not to trust anyone again, and even built a wall around myself, telling myself I don't need any friends.*
Narration: *And yet, now that I've noticed, I'm getting close to others again.*
Narration: *No, that's not it.*
Narration: *It's probably that they've gotten close to me.*
Narration: *They've accepted someone as twisted as me.*
Narration: *They've accepted me as their friend.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *I suddenly remember the words Mother said to me when I was a child, and I was having trouble finding a friend.*
Yumiko: "Friends aren't something you can make. They just come to be the moment you realize it..."
Yumiko: And to think I'm only experiencing that for the first time right now... Really, I'm no different from a grade schooler...
Michiru: Hey, Yumiko. What are you doing over there?
Narration: *Hearing my classmate's voice, I forcefully wipe away the tears.*
Yumiko: I-I'm coming...
Michiru: Geez, what the heck were you and that old lady talking about?
Yumiko: Ah, yeah... She thanked me for cleaning the river bank and gave me these pears.
Michiru: ...Wait, huh? Eh, what...? Yumiko... are you crying?
Yumiko: Huh...!? T-That's not... I'm not crying!
Narration: *I wipe my eyes in a fluster, trying to hide my face as her words make it redden.*
Michiru: C'mon... No matter how hungry you are, there's nothing to cry about, is there...?
Yumiko: ...Could you please not treat me the same as you?
Makina: But Yumi-chan, if yer that hungry, why don't ya jus' join our party?
Yumiko: No, like I said...
Michiru: Sachi, Yumiko's becoming a pain in the ass again, so can I count on you?
Sachi: Certainly. Please leave the rest to me.
Yumiko: Wait, it's cowardly to bring Komine-san into this!
Sachi: Please don't worry, Sakaki-san. I, Komine Sachi, will take you to the party, no matter what kind of dirty and cruel methods I have to use!♪
Yumiko: Why... are you smiling as you say that? No, more importantly, please be careful what methods you choose...
Amane: Well, well, isn't it better to just ignore the small things?
Amane: Like I always say, food always tastes better when we eat it together!
Makina: Hmm... Ama-nee always knows jus' what ta say, ya know?
Sachi: Please just give up, Sakaki-san.
Michiru: Yeah, give up already!
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *     Looking at the four smiling faces in front of me, my heart, which has been smoldering all this time, suddenly finds its answer.*
Narration: *     The obvious things that I never bothered to care about...*
Narration: *     ...Things that I kept lying to myself about as I called them "bearable" and pushed them aside...*
Narration: *     ...It turns out they're exactly what I've been looking for.*
Narration: *     I don't care if the past me would laugh and say, "You're a fool who never learns"...*
Narration: *     ...Or even if the future me would tell me "I already told you, didn't I?"*
Narration: *     To believe in something, to lose something, to fight for something, to have it stolen away...*
Narration: *     I thought I'd lost everything, even the tears and the words to curse with...*
Narration: *     ...But now, once again, I've found something I don't want to lose.*
Narration: *     That's why, just one more time...*
Narration: *     ...I'll raise my head a little, and try to fight the reality before my eyes.*
Narration: *     This place may be just a cage someone has built for me... but if I don't give up, I may learn to fly someday.*
Narration: *     Maybe here, if these girls are with me...*
Narration: *     I can actually learn how...*

Narration: *October, 2010, 16:03 - Mihama Academy - Principal's Office*
Yumiko: ...Since you called me here, can I assume we're going to have a new transfer student?
Principal: Yes. The transfer won't be happening until spring next year, though.
Yumiko: ...Next year? You're giving us quite a bit of advance warning, aren't you?
Yumiko: Up until now, you've always let me know less than a month ahead of time.
Principal: Well... this particular transfer student is "special" in a way unlike the rest of you.
Yumiko: You mean... it's someone even stranger than a woman who rides a giant motorcycle, or a girl oddly obsessed with becoming a "tsundere"...?
Principal: Yes. This will be the first case of its sort at Mihama Academy, at least.
Yumiko: What do you mean?
Principal: The new transfer student is a boy.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Principal: This isn't final yet... but he's probably going to end up in the same grade as you.
Yumiko: That's not the problem here...
Principal: ...Hm?
Yumiko: As you may have noticed, all of the students currently attending this school are female.
Yumiko: In other words, you're proposing to admit a man into what's essentially a girls' school. Have you lost your mind?
Principal: Of course not. What's more, I'm thinking of having him live in the dormitory with the rest of you.
Yumiko: You expect us to live in the same building as well? What on Earth are you thinking? Do you WANT all of us to be raped?
Principal: Well, when young men and women are living under the same roof, it's hard to say that something won't happen...
Principal: But honestly, when it comes to this particular young man... it's not going to be an issue. I can guarantee that.
Yumiko: ...From the way you're talking, I get the sense that he's an acquaintance of yours.
Principal: An acquaintance...? Yes, if I had to find a word for my relationship with him, that would probably be it.
Yumiko: Was it you who arranged for his transfer, then?
Principal: I admit I recommended him, but as with Irisu-san, it was the chairman who set out the detailed requirements and had the final say.
Yumiko: ...He did?
Principal: Yes. All I really did was look through my files to provide him with a list of individuals that met his requirements...
Yumiko: Are you telling me I don't have the right to refuse this time, either...?
Principal: No, I don't think that's the case.
Yumiko: ...What do you mean?
Principal: Unlike with Irisu-san, there's no reason we can't reverse this decision. It's entirely possible for us to expel him if his presence causes a major problem among the student body...
Yumiko: ...A major problem...
Principal: ...Or if he has some kind of fundamental flaw.
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: Judging from the way you phrased that... can I assume we have reports on him as well?
Principal: ...Yes, of course.
Narration: *With a satisfied smile, the principal takes out the usual brown envelope.*
Yumiko: I have to ask... why do you keep doing this, anyway? How can you be so sure I won't use the information you provide to cause problems?
Principal: Well, there are various reasons...
Principal: ...but in this particular case, it's because the transfer student in question won't give up no matter what you throw at him.
Yumiko: ...I see. So that's how it is.
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: I see...
Narration: *After going back to my room and taking a look through the documents, I've come to understand why she seemed so confident moments ago.*
Narration: *There's hardly anything written in the report this time. I've got his name, "Kazami Yuuji," his gender, and his age...*
Narration: *But apart from that, I only know that he attended an ordinary grade school before studying abroad in Canada, and that he holds an unusual number of licenses for someone of his age.*
Yumiko: This certainly is a special case...
Narration: *Simple common sense tells me that there's something wrong with this.*
Narration: *The transfer students up until now have all had some sort of "dark past" mentioned in their reports.*
Narration: *That even applied to Irisu-san, who the school's administration was happy to admit.*
Narration: *But the file that was handed to me this time contains only a single-page resume, on which the Reason for Application has been left blank.*
Narration: *There's only so much I can learn from that worthless piece of paper.*
Yumiko: But that doesn't mean I can't do anything...
Yumiko: If that's how he's doing things, then I just have to dig up the information that was buried...
Narration: *I immediately get to work, doing everything in my power to investigate.*
Narration: *I offer a prize for information about Kazami Yuuji while gathering all sorts of dubious rumors on my own...*
Narration: *...And even pay for expensive memberships on various information-trading websites, carefully sorting through every scrap I can get my hands on.*
Narration: *But the more I try to investigate Kazami Yuuji, the more it feels like someone's actively interfering with my efforts. In the end, whole days slip by with no noticeable progress.*
Date: *May 16, 2011, 15:45 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Principal: ...Ah, it's already time. Well then, that's it for today's class.
Yumiko: ...
Amane: Oh... Look at you go, Sakaki-san. Was somebody feeling the call of nature?
Makina: Wow, didn't even bother answerin'...
Sachi: Sakaki-san...? I wonder what's wrong with her...
Michiru: She's been skipping afternoon classes lately too... You hear anything, Amane?
Amane: No... Not really...
Amane: But if she isn't willing to talk to us, there's nothing we can do except keep an eye on her.
Sachi: That's true...
Narration: *I know my actions are worrying my classmates. And honestly, I would be lying if I said it doesn't make my heart ache.*
Narration: *But now isn't the time for that.*
Narration: *The new transfer student will be here in no time.*
Narration: *And given that I couldn't learn anything definite about him, even after everything I've tried... he's almost certainly bad news.*
Narration: *A single dangerous individual could easily shatter the fragile balance we've worked so hard to establish here.*
Narration: *Since I'm the only one aware of this threat... I'm the one who has to do something about it.*
Yumiko: Kazami Yuuji...
Yumiko: I'll never let you have your way.
Narration: *This time, I'm going to protect it...*
Narration: *...This grey orchard of ours.*
